5th Assembly
Preliminary Report
Monday, March 19, 2018
Pages 603 – 684
Speaker: The Honourable Joe Enook, M.L.A. Legislative Assembly of Nunavut
Hon. Joe Enook
Charlie Audlakiak
Tel (867) 975-5000 Fax (867) 975-5190 Toll-Free (877) 334-7266
Ministers "Statements 603
Members "Statements 606
Recognition of Visitors in the Gallery 614
Oral Questions 616
Tabling of Documents 638
Consideration in Committee of the Whole of Bills and Other Matters 639
Report of the Committee of the Whole 681
Third Reading of Bills 682
Assent to Bills 683
Speaker’s Statement 683
Orders of the Day 684
Monday, March 19, 2018 603
046 – 5 (1): Nunavut’s 2018 Youth Award Recipient (Quassa) 603
047 – 1 (5): Rankin Inlet Healing Facility Sewing (Cambridge Bay) 4
048 – 5 (1): Red Certificate Program Curriculum (Savikataaq) 604
049 – 5 (1): Funding for New Early Childhood Programs (Joanasie) 605
050 – 1 (5): Nunavut Mining Symposium (Sheutiapik) 4
096 – 5 (1): Happy Fifth Birthday to Grandchild (Rumbolt) 606
097 – 1 (5): Kitikmeot Youth Empowerment (Qirngnuq) 4
098 – 1 (5): Marijuana Bill (Lightning) (Lightning) 607
099 – 5 (1): Expansion of Training Opportunities in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak) 608
100 – 1 (5): Concerns Regarding Larga Boarding Home (Mikkungwak) 609
101 – 1 (5): Congratulations to Rosemary Ejangiaq (Netser) 4
102 – 1 (5): Borussia Mike Recognizes Canada under 150 (Nakasuk) 4
103 – 1 (5): Budget Options (McLean) 4
104 – 1 (5): Two More Elders Travelling for Care (Towtongie) (Tootoo) 4
105 – 1 (1): Recognition of Hall Beach and Igloolik Volunteers and Search and Rescue (Irqittuq) 4
106 – 1 (5): Cape Dorset Athletes (Joanasie) 4
123 – 1 (5): Private Securities Act (Hickes) 4
124 – 1 (5): Status of Site Remediation in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak) 4
125 – 1 (5): School Leave Policy (Lightning) (McLean) 4
126 – 1 (5): Status of Old Pangnirtung Health Centre (Nakasuk) 4
127 – 1 (5): Social Services Travel Policy (Netser) 4
128 – 1 (5): Update on Continuing Care Office (Qirngnuq) 4
129 – 1 (5): Income Support Policies (Towtongie) (Tootoo) 4
130 – 1 (5): Mine Training (Kilabuk) 4
131 – 1 (5): Support for Hospital Staff (Main) 4
132 – 1 (5): Insurance Policy for Government Properties (Hickes) 4
133 – 5 (1): Expansion of Training Opportunities in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak) 630
134 – 1 (5): Grants and Contributions (McLean) 4
135 – 1 (1): Compensation for Damage to Hunters and Trappers (Keyootak) 4
136 – 1 (5): Early Childhood and Early Childhood Services (Hickes) 4
137 – 1 (5): Inuit Employment Requirements for Government Contracts (Main) 4
029 – 5 (1): Correspondence and 2018 Annual Report from North Aaron Mines Re: Mel Diamond Project (Ng) 638
030 – 5 (1): Correspondence from the Hamlet of Repulse Bay Re: Four-stroke Garage (Netser) 638
031 – 1 (5): Correspondence from the Hamlet of Repulse Bay Re: Runway Extension in Repulse Bay (Netser) 638
032 – 5 (1): Social Services Client Travel Policy (Mikkungwak) 639
033 – 1 (5): Options under the Supplementary Retiring Allowances Fund (Speaker) 4
34 – 1 (5): Speaker’s List of Outstanding Statutory Tabling Requirements (Speaker) 4
015 – 1 (5): Extension of Question Period (McLean) 4
Bill 02 – Interim Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018 – Consideration in Committee 640
Bill 03 – Supplementary Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018 – Consideration in Committee 644
Bill 04 – Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018 – Consideration in Committee 680
Bill 02 – Interim Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018 – Third Reading 682
Bill 03 – Supplementary Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018 – Third Reading 682
Bill 04 – Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018 – Third Reading 682
Honourable David Akeeagok, Honourable Patterk Angnakak, Honourable Jeannie Iqalukjuaq, Honourable Joe Enook, Mr. George Hickes, Honourable David Joanasie, Mr. Julie Kamingoak, Mr. Mila Kamingoak, Mr. Pauloosie Keyootak, Honourable Lorne Kusugak, Mr. Adam Lightstone, Mr. Simeon Mikkungwak, Mr. Margaret Nashook, Mr. Elizabeth Savikataaq, Honourable Paul Okalik.
&gt; &gt; House commenced at 13:33
Speaker (Hon. Joe Enook) (interpretation): Mr. Quassa, can you say the opening prayer, please.
Speaker (interpretation): Good afternoon, Premier, Members of the Legislative Assembly, Nunavummiut, listening to the radio broadcast, and watching the televised proceedings. Welcome to your committee.
At this time, we will proceed directly to the Orders of the Day.
Premier of Nunavut, Mr. Quassa.
Minister’s Statement 046 – 5 (1): Nunavut’s 2018 Youth Award Recipient (Quassa) 
Hon. Paul Quassa (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Good day to my fellow residents of Igloolik, my colleagues, and all Nunavummiut.
I would like to ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Dr. Donna Minik-Kimmaliardjuk, who will be receiving the 2018 Youth Achievement Award in Winnipeg.
She will be recognized as the first Inuk practitioner in Nunavut.
Dr. Kimmaliardjuk was born in Chesterfield Inlet and he is the first Inuk to be a cardiologist.
This year, the fourth year of the program is a six-year program that will be offered at the University of Ottawa for the Heart Institute.
Mr. Speaker, Dr. Kimmaliardjuk was able to enter the facility in 2014. He is the only person named in the National Physician Institute of Medicine.
In 2016, she became a member of the Aboriginal Healing Foundation for HIV / AIDS Working Group on behalf of Inuit.
During his tenure as a Member of the Standing Committee on Social Wellness, he promoted Inuit societal values and Inuit societal values.
Mr. Speaker, these awards represent the highest level of pride for aboriginal people in our society.
This award celebrates the 25th anniversary of the year in 2018 and brings pride to 350 aboriginal people, Inuit, and First Nations, who demonstrate excellence in achievement and achievement.
This award celebrates the cultural diversity of aboriginal peoples in Canada.
This year’s awards ceremony will take place on March 23 of this year in Winnipeg.
I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Dr. Kimmaliardjuk on his achievement.
She has done a lot of work on her own and she is very proud of her accomplishments, as well as the Inuit and the Department of Health and Social Services, and she is a very good role model for our young people in Nunavut.
I know that when I talk about the pride of Dr. Kimmaliardjuk, I’m sure that he will be working on this issue and it’s going to be very important to us.
Minister of Justice, Ms. Iqalukjuaq.
Minister’s Statement 047 – 1 (5): Rankin Inlet Healing Facility Sewing Project (Cambridge Bay) 
Hon. Jeannie Iqalukjuaq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to talk about the cultural sewing program for the men’s healing facility in Rankin Inlet.
These inmates are involved in the sealing, sealskin preparation, and other activities, including helicopters, pelts, sealskin pelts, sealskin pelts, and kitchen pelts.
Rosemary Angugahak is a well-respected elder and sewing expert who is well known worldwide.
He just went to Norway to teach the sealskins.
She was a student of Nunavut Arctic College’s Fur Production and Design Program, and she initiated a program for the Literacy Council of Nunavut.
Rosemary is assisting inmates with culturally appropriate physical, safe, and culturally sensitive rehabilitation programs.
The sewing program will work in partnership with the department to support on-the-land programs for inmates to learn how to hunt and how to prepare sealskin and food.
These furs and sealskins will be used for the sewing program.
Programs are designed to help inmates to become more active in their communities. Once their sentence expires, they are offered incentives instead of criminal behaviour.
I recently visited the Rankin Inlet Healing Facility and I was pleased to note the positive impact that the cultural programs have had on the community, especially the elders in the community, such as Rosemary Saunders.
Minister of Family Services, Minister Savikataaq.
Minister’s Statement 048 – 5 (1): Red Certificate Program (Savikataaq) 
Hon. Joe Savikataaq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I say "good day" to the people of Arviat and Paniloo.
Mr. Speaker, this is for certified heavy equipment operators and heavy equipment operators.
In September of 2016, the heavy equipment operator training program, which is comprised of three partners, was announced in Nunavut.
This allows Nunavummiut to take apprenticeship training and certification programs that are known as the Certificate of Apprenticeship.
In November of 2017, Nunavut was given the opportunity to obtain a red seal certificate for heavy equipment and heavy equipment operators.
Mr. Speaker, as part of the heavy equipment operator program, this program has passed the Provincial Academy Award for Excellence in Excellence and Excellence in Skills Canada.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to announce that we have been able to demonstrate to Nunavummiut the National Award of Excellence for Excellence in Excellence and Diploma in Nunavut.
Minister of Education, Minister Joanasie.
Minister’s Statement 049 – 5 (1): New Funding for Early Childhood Education Programs (Joanasie) 
Hon. David Joanasie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Good afternoon, my colleagues, residents of Cape Dorset and Kimmirut, as well as Nunavummiut.
Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to announce today that the Department of Education will be providing operations and maintenance funding to eligible daycares.
Mr. Speaker, this increase is a result of a three-year program plan that my staff developed with the Early Learning and Childcare Initiative that was signed in September of 2017 with the Government of Canada.
Mr. Speaker, in the current fiscal year, we will see that eligible daycares will receive an increase of $1,918.80, with a maximum of $45,494.80, depending on the number of daycare spaces and the location of these facilities.
As long as the daycares do not increase the cost of the day cares and they do not qualify for the same amount of money that they can get in the next fiscal year.
Mr. Speaker, this funding will not only help daycares administer their expenses, but will also assist families in providing child care services without increasing the cost of living.
Mr. Speaker, we are proud to be able to provide this funding to support daycares and families.
I also believe, and I am sure that we also believe that this funding will have a positive impact on not changing the overall budget and the day-care costs.
Minister of Economic Development and Transportation, Minister Sheutiapik.
Minister’s Statement 050 – 1 (5): Nunavut Mining Symposium (Sheutiapik) 
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik (interpretation): Good day to the people of Nunavut, my colleagues.
Mr. Speaker, mining is a fundamental element of Nunavut’s economic development.
Mr. Speaker, my department has been committed to supporting mining development in Nunavut so that Nunavummiut can benefit from these types of activities.
Mr. Speaker, the National Mining Symposium will be held in Iqaluit for the 21st Annual Nunavut Mining Symposium on April 9 to 12, 2018.
This symposium provides an excellent opportunity for people to explore new opportunities in Nunavut’s mining and mining sectors to ensure that our communities are aware of their participation in the mining and exploration sectors in Nunavut.
We are hopeful that this year’s Mining Symposium will continue to attract more than 400 participants from across the territory and we look forward to more than 400 participants.
Mr. Speaker, I look forward to welcoming the mines, Inuit organizations, prospectors, community members, and other stakeholders to this important conference.
Lastly, Mr. Speaker, I would like to encourage all Members of the Legislative Assembly and the public to participate in this public event on April 11.
It’s not just an opportunity to get good things, but it’s an impact on search and rescue. I want to make sure that the people involved in the search and rescue are accountable to you.
Members "Statements. Member for Hudson Bay, Mr. Rumbolt.
Member’s Statement 096 – 5 (1): Happy Fifth Birthday to Grandchild (Rumbolt) 
Mr. Speaker, five years ago to this day, the former Speaker of the Legislative Assembly rose in this House. When I was a grandchild, I had my first grandchild in five years.
Happy birthday, Jayden.
Member for Netsilik, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Member’s Statement 097 – 1 (5): Kitikmeot Youth Empowerment (Qirngnuq) 
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to speak to this issue. It is a very good suggestion for our youth and it is a very good plan for the future so that they can work towards their future.
I rise today to share some good news with my colleagues.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to inform the House that a group of Inuit youth from the Kitikmeot will be gathering in Cambridge Bay next week to promote the 2018 Kitikmeot Youth Abroad Program.
Mr. Speaker, this gathering is an opportunity for the Kitikmeot youth to come together and discuss their priorities and concerns with youth.
This includes:
Mental Health and Wellness;
Youth facilities;
Substance abuse;
Inuit experiences of education, residential school solutions, and flag programs; and
The protection of the Inuit language and culture is ongoing.
Mr. Speaker, the participants from Taloyoak are:
Judy Carlo;
David Tungilik;
Harold Paniyuk;
Lloyd Oleekatalik; and
Crystal Mitchell.
Participants from Kugaaruk are:
Becky Makituk;
Lorena Rose Aqigiq Qirngnuq;
Christine Doriana Qirngnuq;
Chantel Kanayuk Qirngnuq; and
Pauline Illuitok.
Mr. Speaker, I ask all members to join me in wishing them the best of luck in their reunion.
Member for Iqaluit-Manirajak, Mr. Lightstone.
Member’s Statement 098 – 1 (5): Marijuana Legislation (Lightning) 
Mr. Lightstone: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I rise today to raise a concern that has been brought to my attention by my constituents regarding the issue of illegal smoking.
I just received a letter that says, "My family here in Iqaluit, we are in a public housing unit and we are in a duplex next year.
Over the last couple of years, we have had to move from smoke to smoke, the smell, the smoke that goes into my house is very strong. "
The letter further indicates that, and I quote, "I am deeply concerned about the effects of smoking on my children, my children, and others."
Mr. Speaker, as residents of Iqaluit and my family, we also live in condominiums.
Mr. Speaker, carbon monoxide pollution affects other smokers who do not smoke.
Mr. Speaker, it has been a long time in the past, even though it’s not smoke-free, it’s a pandemic that has been known by the government, and it has been legislated as a non-smoke-free zone for many years.
As a father, we have children with these types of illnesses and I don’t want them to be affected by tobacco, tobacco, and smoking.
As my colleague from Pangnirtung pointed out, he had asked a question to the Minister of Health and Social Services on the possibility of marijuana.
In my conversations with my constituents, there are a lot of people who have the same concerns.
Mr. Speaker, I recognize that when you are dealing with these issues, you have to be flexible and balanced.
The federal government’s proposed ban on the use of cigarettes in Nunavut will come into force within a few months.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to ask for unanimous consent to conclude my statement.
The member is seeking unanimous consent to conclude his statement. Are there any nays?
Mr. Lightstone, please proceed.
Thank you, my colleagues.
Under this legislation, elders will be able to take care of and smoke from marijuana. However, the government will have to make a decision on how to regulate the use of cigarettes in the community.
Mr. Speaker, my colleague from Rankin Inlet North, the Member for Chesterfield Inlet, also indicated last week that the government’s own consultations and results indicate that there are concerns about the farming and acquisition of public housing units and condominiums.
Mr. Speaker, I believe that when this legislation is introduced in the Legislative Assembly, it will be important to clearly identify these issues and I look forward to working with my colleagues in this House on this issue.
Before we proceed, I would like to inform members that Mr. Akoak is not here today due to illness.
Mr. Akoak will be quick to respond to that question.
Member for Baker Lake, Mr. Mikkungwak.
Member’s Statement 099 – 5 (1): Expansion of Training Opportunities in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak) 
Mr. Mikkungwak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I say "hello" to the people of Baker Lake and all Nunavummiut.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to encourage our government to increase training opportunities in Baker Lake.
Mr. Speaker, Baker Lake is a rapidly growing community. It is important that we take the time to provide more training and employment opportunities to the residents of Baker Lake.
Mr. Speaker, the Piqqusilirivvik Cultural School operates the program in Baker Lake.
This could be expanded so that the public will have a better idea of how to incorporate Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit into the system.
Mr. Speaker, the idea of establishing a university in Nunavut has been mentioned, and Agnico-Eagle Mines has indicated that they would be willing to support this initiative.
I think it would be best if we put Nunavut into the middle of the country because Canada is a central part of Canada.
Mr. Speaker, one of my colleagues stated that it is important that we adopt these items before they pass.
The government’s wheelchairs are very slow, but in spite of that, we have to encourage and encourage any emergencies that come before us.
Mr. Speaker, this is the beginning of the fifth Legislative Assembly, and I too would like to see it go a step forward.
Expanding the training programs at the community level and in the community of Baker Lake would be a great step in the right direction.
Member for Kugluktuk, Ms. Kamingoak.
Member’s Statement 100 – 1 (5): Concerns Regarding Larga Boarding Home (Mikkungwak) 
Mr. Kamingoak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Good afternoon, colleagues, Kuglukturmiut, and Nunavummiut.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to encourage the government to take a closer look at the day-to-day operations of the boarding homes.
Mr. Speaker, a number of my constituents have brought their concerns to me and it seems to have been a long time ago that these issues have been dealt with.
The food mail problem and the disposal of the food has been a problem for a number of months.
Mr. Speaker, it is important that the government ensure that the services that are paid to Nunavummiut are actually delivered.
I understand that the boarding homes have to have a lot of accommodations every day but it is also very important that even though that is the case they have to be comfortable and taken care of.
Mr. Speaker, it is unclear whether or not the boarding homes will be included in the review of the boarding homes.
I would really like to see the results of the review and the recommendations that will be made to improve the services and the status of the boarding homes.
Member for Aivilik, Mr. Netser.
Member’s Statement 101 – 1 (5): Congratulations to Rosemary Ejangiaq (Netser) 
Mr. Netser (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (Interpretation ends) I rise today to congratulate Rosemary Iyago from Repulse Bay.
She is a young person who has graduated from high school, but has worked very hard and has been honoured with awards from the Harris Institute of Canada’s National School Award.
Mr. Speaker, the Harrison Elder Canada Scholarship, which is a scholarship, is awarded to high school students, despite the many challenges they face in achieving success.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize Ms. Ejangiaq for her resilience and commitment to academic achievement.
Many of our young people are struggling with the challenges and challenges they face in completing their studies at the college.
I ask all members to join me in congratulating her on her accomplishments. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Member for Pangnirtung, Ms. Nakashuk.
Member’s Statement 102 – 1 (5): Borussia Mike Recognizes Canada under 150 (Nakasuk) 
Mr. Nakashuk: Thank you.
Good afternoon, my colleagues, my family, and the people of Pangnirtung.
I rise this afternoon to congratulate a constituent of mine from Pangnirtung who was recognized by Dennis Patterson.
I would also like to congratulate an individual who has been volunteering for 18 years for search and rescue in Pangnirtung, Percy Mike, who has been working for the search and rescue organization for 18 years and I am very proud of her.
The last name on my list is the Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, Mr. Main.
Member’s Statement 103 – 1 (5): Budget Opinion (Main) 
Ms. Main (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I say "good day" to the people watching the televised proceedings.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my observations and recommendations regarding the government’s financial management practices.
Mr. Speaker, we are a new group of people here, and over the last couple of weeks, we have learned a lot from the experience that we have had.
Mr. Speaker, as the Chair of the Regular Members "Caucus of the Legislative Assembly, I would like to take this opportunity to thank all of my colleagues for the opportunity to work together since the beginning of the new Legislative Assembly.
Mr. Speaker, I am very proud to say that we made a strong statement on Friday that the Legislative Assembly will no longer accept and that the government should be sensitive to its own procurement practices.
Mr. Main (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. My colleague from Iqaluit-Tasiluk brought up a very important motion on Friday and we will proceed with the next sitting of the Legislative Assembly for the spring sitting.
Mr. Speaker, we are a territorial government and this is not always a function of strength.
For example, last week, as I indicated in my opening comments, when we were dealing with the college’s capital budget, the government listened to our concerns and even changed the budget.
I look forward to seeing more of that in the coming weeks and years, Mr. Speaker.
Mr. Speaker, over the past few weeks, Members of the Legislative Assembly have been asking a lot of questions on a daily basis.
I think we can say very clearly that we are trying to achieve our goals and I think it’s quite obvious that we need to do a comprehensive review of the government’s expenditures.
It’s very inadequate if we just count people who are going out on the land.
I would like to ask for unanimous consent to conclude my statement, Mr. Speaker.
The member is seeking unanimous consent to conclude his statement. Are there any nays?
Mr. Main, please proceed.
Ms. Main: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Speaker, I am talking about examples of these emerging technologies.
Mr. Speaker, this information has to be made public in the Legislative Assembly so that we, as elected members, can make informed decisions on whether or not any of these funds have to be increased, reduced, or eliminated because we have limited resources.
Mr. Speaker, I will use these examples.
I think it’s fair to say that I think we can agree that the government’s administration of the Fuel Tax Rebate Program is not enough to support the hunters and trappers.
The Department of Environment administers the government’s Harvester Support Program, which requires a comprehensive review of its programs and how we can improve the direction of harvesters to support the price of fuel.
Mr. Speaker, I would also like to take this opportunity to give some examples of the government’s grants and contributions programs.
As we all know, the government has spent a lot of money on developing and promoting our economy.
We know that the money has been borrowed from the private sector and we know how much it’s costing the private sector.
We know who received the funding.
We don’t know what this money was used for.
We don’t know how many Inuit were hired from Nunavut from that fund and we don’t even know what the money was used for.
Mr. Speaker, as you may be aware, I can speak to this issue for a very long time and it will not be useful, but I will stop here for now.
I would like to add that I want to look very closely at the budget operations of the Legislative Assembly and I would like to take this opportunity to work closely with all members to strengthen our budget by supporting all of our communities and constituents.
Member for Rankin Inlet North-Chesterfield Inlet, Ms. Towtongie.
Member’s Statement 104 – 1 (5): Two More Elders Travelling for Care (Towtongie) 
Mr. Towtongie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
The people of Rankin Inlet North and Chesterfield Inlet I rise today with great respect to the current oldest elder Annie Tatty today who was sent to Ottawa by airplane.
Also one of our oldest people, Amarok, I rise today in the House to send him to Gjoa Haven because he doesn’t have an elder in Rankin Inlet.
I would like to hear from the people of Rankin Inlet North and Chesterfield Inlet.
When I was elected in November, when I was looking at the budget, I asked the Minister of Health and Social Services, "What are the plans for the establishment of an elders" facility in Rankin Inlet or in Nunavut? "
I was told by the Minister of Health and Social Services that all of us, as Members of the Legislative Assembly, are very sensitive to our elders and we are very concerned about them.
When we have our meeting in Pond Inlet, we will be able to bring this up.
I am waiting.
A couple of days ago I rose in the House when we were dealing with the capital estimates and I didn’t see it, it was set aside for the elders "facility.
I was told that I am not allowed to speak to this issue, so I have to resign.
However, I was thankful to our Chairman, Allan Rumbolt, for allowing me to continue to express my feelings for the elders "facility.
At this time I stand up as an elected official and I am not satisfied with it.
The issue of sending elders to southern institutions is not acceptable.
We want to be a good Member of the Legislative Assembly and we want to be a good government and we have told our elders to be proud of them, and to send them out of the territory.
Member for Amittuq, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Member’s Statement 105 – 1 (1): Recognition of Hall Beach and Igloolik Volunteers and Search and Rescue (Irqittuq) 
Mr. Enook (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I thought I was forgotten.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to say how proud I am of my fellow community residents.
The search and rescue teams work very hard to search and rescue teams when there is an emergency.
They only use their own funds for their own operations.
I rise today to pay tribute to the community of Hall Beach’s search and rescue team, chaired by Kyle Issigaitok, Vice-President George Innuksuk, the Director of the Martha Gibbons Tupiq, who is the outfitter, Daniel Qaunaq.
Furthermore, our elder, Abraham Ullulaq, is an elder.
As I stated before, this is the first time that a person has travelled to search and rescue. This is the first time that I am a young person.
We need to provide more support to our young people because our elders are telling the truth.
We don’t think that we’re going to be building a future.
I’m on this side of the House, but I’m a little disappointed, but if I listened to it again, I would be more than happy to do that.
I don’t think that’s going to be the case for the young people. When you go out on the land, you have to be very careful.
Mr. Speaker, I would also like to recognize the Igloolik search and rescue teams. They had a meeting this week in Hall Beach and now it’s springtime and it’s a beautiful day, so I would like to wish everyone a safe trip.
For that reason, Mr. Speaker, if you are going to be travelling, please ask your SPOT devices, GPS, or GPS, or GPS, and ask the elders where I go, I will catch up as soon as I can.
So those are the types of things that we’re looking at.
I rise today to reiterate that the Department of Community and Government Services has only one snowmobile and we have been lobbying the Department of Community and Government Services for a long time and they have never received a response.
I urge the search and rescue organizations to provide more support to the search and rescue organizations.
That’s it.
The last name on the list, Member for South Baffin, Mr. Joanasie.
Member’s Statement 106 – 1 (5): Cape Dorset Athletes (Joanasie) 
Hon. David Joanasie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
It’s good to hear some good news from the school in Cape Dorset, the Sam Pudlat School, and I’m sure anyone will be welcomed to the music festival or music festival.
I would also like to thank the choir for being able to attend the National Arts Centre in Cape Dorset, as well as the support of the Hamlet of Cape Dorset.
There are none.
Member for Quttiktuq, Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to recognize four individuals in the Gallery.
First of all, I would like to recognize my wife, Carol Akeeagok, who is the Manager of Parks in Nunavut, Jenna Burn, and her staff, and she is always looking after me and our children. My wife, Carol Akeeagok, is the one who is the one who is responsible for the park.
I would like to extend my gratitude to my sister Naomi Cookie Kuluguqtuq.
I would also like to recognize our new employee who is here with us, who has been here for a long time, who is our daughter, and I am very proud of her. I would like to welcome Jayden Natanine.
I would like to make a brief statement on this issue.
When I was a child, I was still a child...
... I was expecting seal meat for the first time in the lake.
I don’t think there are too many seals in the lake, but I think they were expecting to get a seal meat from the Southampton Island area.
They were very helpful to me and my mother was my father.
I would like to thank them very much for being able to come here.
Welcome to your Legislative Assembly, Mr. Otak and Mr. Otak.
Member for Rankin Inlet North-Chesterfield Inlet, Ms. Towtongie.
Mr. Towtongie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
My parents in Ukkusiksalik, although my mother is now a park, all of us were given photographs and I recognize them very well and we are grateful to our eldest.
Furthermore, I used to stay in Igloolik and when I was in Igloolik, Theresa Uttak gave me a Tiktak and Louie Uttak, I would like to thank you for all your nutritional food and I would like to be able to stay with you again.
Thank you very much.
Welcome to the Gallery.
Member for Kugluktuk, Ms. Kamingoak.
Mr. Kamingoak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to recognize Naomi Cookie Kuluguqtuq and Carol Akeeagok, who are my relatives.
From Naomi from Grise Fiord, I don’t have any relatives every day, as you can see.
Welcome to your Legislative Assembly.
Member for Pangnirtung, Ms. Nakashuk.
Mr. Nakashuk (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I would also like to recognize and congratulate my husband, Andrew Nakashuk.
Please welcome him to the Gallery.
Mr. Nakashuk, welcome to our Legislative Assembly.
Recognition of Visitors in the Gallery. I have no more names on my list.
We will move on in our orders of the day.
We will start with the Member for Iqaluit-Tasiluk, Mr. Hickes.
Question 123 – 1 (5): Private Securities Act (Hickes) 
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my questions to the Minister of Justice.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this opportunity to invite all of my colleagues to join me in the next couple of weeks and the last couple of weeks to recognize the importance of ensuring that our guards are trained and equal in their careers.
I would like to ask the minister if he will be introducing legislation as a government to deal with security issues.
Minister responsible for the Department of Justice, Minister Simailak.
Hon. Jeannie Ugyuk (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (Interpretation ends) Thank you, Mr. Hickes, for the question.
As of today, the Government of Nunavut does not have a statutory requirement for the inspector to conduct inspections of the facility.
As the department is aware, a number of companies have been providing security services in our communities, such as health centres.
We are currently undertaking a review of the policy development of the Nunavut Business Incentive Policy.
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
As the minister is indicating, one of the last jurisdictions in Canada that does not have a national security policy is that we want to make sure that they are accountable to the best of their ability and that they have the necessary skills to provide that service.
Mr. Speaker, all provinces and territories have brought forward legislation on this issue.
I guess my next question would be: If they’re looking at a policy review, is there going to be a legislative proposal coming forward to the House?
Minister responsible for the Department of Justice, Minister Iqalukjuaq.
Hon. Jeannie Ugyuk (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (Interpretation ends) Mr. Hickes, yes, we can start working on the development of policies or regulations for the private sector.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Hickes.
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank the minister for his willingness to do that.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this opportunity to note that the Department of Justice is responsible for overseeing the RCMP. In the case of the WSCC, if they work closely with the Department of Community and Government Services to coordinate the contract, they should be contracted out if the Government of Nunavut has a contract with the WSCC.
Hon. Jeannie Iqalukjuaq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (Interpretation ends) The policies or policies that are prepared by the Department of Justice, or any other department, when they are drafting policies, that’s why our department is trying to involve them at the beginning.
I don’t have that information in front of me, but I will look into it and get back to the member.
Question 124 – 1 (5): Status of Site Remediation in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak) 
Mr. Mikkungwak (interpretation): Thank you very much.
My questions are for the Minister responsible for the Qulliq Energy Corporation.
I asked these questions to the minister last week in regard to the clean-up of the contaminated site in Baker Lake.
In response to one of my questions, the minister indicated that the "final report" would be prepared and submitted to the Qulliq Energy Corporation.
Will the minister commit to providing a copy of the report to both the Hamlet Council of Baker Lake and as the MLA for the community?
Minister responsible for the Qulliq Energy Corporation, Minister Iqalukjuaq.
Hon. Jeannie Ugyuk (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (Interpretation ends) Yes, Mr. Mikkungwak, I can commit to doing that.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Mikkungwak.
I thank the minister for that commitment.
One of the things that the minister is saying is that the Qulliq Energy Corporation can work with the Municipality of Baker Lake to clean up that colour. Mr. Speaker, I would be happy to share that information with the Hamlet of Baker Lake. When I get back to the community next week, I will encourage the hamlet staff and the Qulliq Energy Corporation to meet with their counterparts.
Mr. Speaker, I don’t think it’s going to be an easy thing to do because the Qulliq Energy Corporation’s storage facility is located in Baker Lake.
Can the minister confirm that the Qulliq Energy Corporation has already spent $1.68 million to date on the clean-up?
Can the minister clarify how much it would cost to clean up the remaining units?
Minister responsible for the Department of Justice, Minister Simailak.
Hon. Jeannie Iqalukjuak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (Interpretation ends) The whole clean-up would be about $10 million. The Power Corporation, as I mentioned earlier, has been destroyed since the creation of Nunavut and the federal government is responsible for the clean-up.
We are committed to working with the Hamlet of Baker Lake on the clean-up of the current contaminated site.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Mikkungwak.
In my line of questioning last week, the minister indicated that the federal government or the Government of Nunavut has not finalized the cost estimates yet.
Mr. Speaker, I am in support of the Qulliq Energy Corporation’s actions that have been destroyed in the past by the federal government.
Will the Minister responsible for the Qulliq Energy Corporation commit to working with the Minister of Justice to review and clarify potential legal options for this issue?
Hon. Jeannie Ehaloak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (Interpretation ends) Yes, as the Minister of Energy and the Department of Justice, we will work together to resolve this issue.
Member for Iqaluit-Manirajak, Mr. Lightstone.
Question 125 – 1 (5): School Leave Policy (Lightning) 
I would like to direct my question to the Minister responsible for the Public Service Act.
In previous years, the government’s most recent annual report on the administration of the Public Service Annual Report indicates that a number of its employees were using the ASIST program.
Unfortunately, the 2016-17 annual report did not include any of these items.
Can the minister provide the House with that information?
Minister of Finance, Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
It seems like the annual report is going through that and I’m sure it’s going to be published all year round.
I don’t know if it’s going to be there, but I can look into it and see if it’s going to be there.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Lightstone.
I would just like to ask the minister if he could provide that information to the House as to how many employees took advantage of the FANS program in 2016-17.
Minister Akeeagok.
Speaker (interpretation): Thank you. (Interpretation ends) The question has been taken as notice.
Member for Pangnirtung, Ms. Nakashuk.
Question 126 – 1 (5): Status of Old Pangnirtung Health Centre (Nakasuk) 
Mr. Nakashuk (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
My questions today are for the Minister of Community and Government Services.
I have asked the minister a number of questions in regard to the Pangnirtung Health Centre. I’m assuming that the old health centre is no longer in use after the new health centre was opened.
The old health centre is no longer being used for a long time, but it remains closed.
I would like to ask the minister if he is aware of what the plans are for the old health centre.
Minister of Community and Government Services, Minister Kusugak.
Hon. Lorne Kusugak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I also thank my colleague for asking that question.
With respect to the old buildings that are no longer being used by the government, when they are no longer being used by the government, it becomes a question of whether or not other government departments would want to use them.
The old health centre that was built in 1975 was built in Pangnirtung and it went through the same process.
The Department of Health and Social Services doesn’t want to use it anymore.
We did consult with various government departments and we did not hear any requests for this program.
According to the government’s procedures, we are now making plans on whether the hamlet would like to be taken over by the hamlet. We are currently working on that.
If they didn’t want it, then we would have to go back to the non-profit community to see if they would be able to get it.
There are a number of avenues that the government can use to dispose of these materials.
That’s where we are at right now.
Your first supplementary, Ms. Nakashuk.
If I understood the question correctly, the communities have been asked if they would like to take on this responsibility. What is the status of this initiative?
Hon. Lorne Kusugak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
We have not heard from the government that they want it.
We are in the planning stages right now to see if the hamlet would like to get that facility. We are currently working on it and we are planning to see if the hamlet would like to get that facility.
That’s where we’re at right now.
Your final supplementary, Ms. Nakashuk.
I would also like to thank the minister for his response.
I don’t know if the hamlet would be interested, but if they can’t proceed from there, what happens when they are no longer going to be using the old government buildings?
I thank the member for that question.
There are more than four barriers that we have to deal with.
For example, the old Pangnirtung Health Centre was declined by the Department of Health and Social Services and we asked the other government departments if they wanted it.
It was not requested, so we will look into it to see if the hamlet wants it.
Those are the types of things that we use when we are going through these types of situations.
Member for Aivilik, Mr. Netser.
Question 127 – 1 (5): Social Services Travel Policy (Netser) 
Mr. Netser (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Family Services.
First of all, I would like to say "good afternoon" to them. Since I have been here, I didn’t say "good afternoon" to them. I say "good afternoon" to them.
We will be going home very shortly.
Mr. Speaker, it is unfortunate that some of Nunavut’s most vulnerable residents have to travel south to receive medical services, which is very rare and far away from their families.
I agree with the member that when a visitor is visited by a relative, it really changes.
The Department of Family Services "Travel Policy, which is on the government’s website, came into force on June 31, 2013, and came into force on March 31, 2018.
It has come to my attention that the former Minister of Family Services has made a commitment to make changes to the Family Abuse Intervention Act.
Can the minister indicate if any changes to the Social Assistance Travel Policy have been made since 2013 and, if not, will it be changed beyond March 31 of this year?
Minister of Family Services, Minister Savikataaq.
Hon. Joe Savikataaq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Mr. Speaker, I can’t speak for my predecessor, but what I can say is that this policy will be in place until the end of March 2018, and it will remain until the new policy is changed.
I have not heard anything from the Department of Family Services to see if there are any changes to the policy.
If there is a need to change it then we can look at it, but we can’t change the request until we have a comprehensive review.
If there seems to be a need for changes that seem to be beneficial to the clients and to the government, we can look into it.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Netser.
Mr. Netser (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker and thank you, Minister.
The department’s Family Abuse Intervention Act states that an elder who is under the care of the Department of Family Services can be visited by two family members or guardians on an annual basis.
Can the minister confirm whether or not this policy has been amended to allow for two visits per year?
Two return tickets, two flights at the same time, or one trip twice, or two visits.
Just to make it perfectly clear, there are two returning tickets each year for one of the foster parents.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Netser.
Mr. Netser (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. Will the minister commit to considering changes to family travel for adults who are in foster care?
The policy will expire shortly, but at the end of the day, we will have to review it, but at this time, I cannot commit to it until the review of the whole policy is done.
I’m sure there’s going to be a review done in regard to the medical travel that is paid by the Department of Family Services for medical travel.
We will have to work with the Department of Health to make sure that the policies are adhered to, but at this time, I can’t commit to something else because the Medical Travel Policy is going to be expiring soon and I’m sure that the contents of the policy will be reviewed very carefully.
Member for Netsilik, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Question 128 – 1 (5): Update on Continuing Care Office (Qirngnuq) 
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Health.
Mr. Speaker, from time to time, a number of my constituents have come to my office to seek assistance for medical travel.
As the minister often tells me, and I’m sure he even tabled a phone number this week, that Nunavummiut can call the appeals board if they have any concerns.
Mr. Speaker, the language and where you live, it becomes a barrier.
My question for the minister: Can the minister tell the House what other steps his department is taking to ensure that the Office of Patient Relations is notified?
Minister of Health, Ms. Angnakak.
Hon. Patterk Angnakak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I understand the concern and we try to encourage people to call the toll-free number so that you can get a response right away.
I don’t have that information in front of me right now, but there is a website and there is a fax number.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (Interpretation ends) I don’t know if I responded to your question or not, but I will ask it in detail.
Mr. Speaker, the Information and Privacy Commissioner has raised a number of concerns with respect to privacy issues, and I understand that there is a critical need to address the issue of personal information in the event of a criminal offence.
The appeals board has a form that outlines complaints or concerns.
However, if you don’t have fax machines, you can’t send them out on your own. You don’t have all the computers, you can’t take photographs that are going to be put on the computer.
My question for the minister: Can the minister explain to the House why the appeals board should not be faxed?
An Hon. Member: Good question.
Minister Angnakak.
That’s a very good question.
I think the reason for that is because the fax machines are decreasing in the number of people out there who are moving forward with the technology that we as a government are using more computers than the paperwork.
In reading the substantiation sheets, the government has a website that can be viewed at www.nutritions.gov.nu.ca. All the communities have health centres.
If you want to send out the application forms by fax, you can send them out. The government liaison officer also has staff in all the communities.
In the communities, they can be faxed to the headquarters.
If the patient relations office doesn’t have a fax, then I can look into it.
Member for Rankin Inlet North-Chesterfield Inlet, Ms. Towtongie.
Question 129 – 1 (5): Income Support Policies (Towtongie) 
Mr. Towtongie: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Family Services.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to follow up on some of the questions that were asked by the Member for Kugluktuk in regard to the Income Support Program.
The minister indicated that the income support recipients who are on income support will be signing off on a project that they’re looking for. It’s part of the program selection process.
Can the minister clarify how the search for a successful candidate would apply to a successful selection process when there is no work to be done?
Minister of Family Services, Minister Savikataaq.
With respect to the report on the success of the selection process, it would be up to me if there is no job available, but sometimes they can get a short term job.
Perhaps if it was an appropriate time to look for someone to go to another department, if it was the appropriate department, then they would be able to get a job.
Your first supplementary, Ms. Towtongie.
Income support is a policy of the Government of Nunavut and it’s not a policy.
If it was a policy, we would not be able to change it as Members of the Legislative Assembly.
One of the things that I have seen in the past is that when there is no business in the community, when a young person is in Taloyoak, and they want me to sign off on something that doesn’t have a job on a monthly basis, they’re doing it on a monthly basis, and it’s kind of embarrassing to know how it’s going to work and how it’s going to work, and then the income support recipients themselves are going down on top of the job.
Would the minister be able to clearly state what kind of Nunavut-specific policy he would be willing to bring forward to the smaller communities in regard to this issue?
At this time, it is just a model that is not geared towards Nunavut.
This policy applies to all of Nunavut and it applies only to Nunavut.
This program is only used in Nunavut.
The Income Support Program review was done and the policy was changed.
At this time, there are a lot of income support recipients who are eligible for income support and the Child Benefit Supplement was deducted from the income support recipients and the income support recipients were assessed.
I would like to thank the minister for signing the contract and I feel for the people of Nunavut.
If they don’t have a job, then they won’t be able to get a job. The benefits have to be selected properly, but we will look into that.
Question 130 – 1 (5): Mine Training
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I rise today to direct my question to the Minister of Economic Development and Transportation.
Mr. Speaker, I firmly believe and believe that when mining companies are trying to create jobs, they are responsible for the environment.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Education. I will be asking questions today in regard to the construction of the residential school programs.
Last year, you tabled your 2017-18 main estimates for the Department of Economic Development and Transportation, which included $200,000 in funding for the Nunavut Mine Training Program.
I wonder if the minister could give us an idea of how much money was spent up to 2017-18.
Mr. Speaker, I hope I was understandable.
Minister of Economic Development and Transportation, Ms. Sheutiapik.
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would also like to thank the member for his question.
What I can say about the mine training program is that it doesn’t have all the details as to how it was used.
The department is working with the Department of Family Services, Nunavut Arctic College, the federal government, the mining industry, and Inuit organizations to develop a number of programs to prepare Nunavummiut for opportunities in the mining sector. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank the minister for that answer.
I’m just wondering if the Department of Finance is going to be increasing their budget or decreasing the budget for the fiscal year 2018-19.
Minister Sheutiapik.
I can’t respond to that question at this time, but I apologize if I can go back to the member’s question about the $200,000 that he was asking about.
For the Kitikmeot Corporation, there was $61,000 that was used for that program and the Qikiqtani Inuit Association for the literacy program for the Baffin region, $60,000, and the Hamlet of Arviat for the Labour Standards Program, $78,000 for heavy equipment operator training.
Thank you for clarifying my question.
Mr. Speaker, as you will recall, last week, I tabled a copy of the Nunavut Mining Symposium entitled, "The Northern Iron Mines Corporation," which I had the opportunity to table in the House in the House.
They will be working near Hall Beach this spring.
I wonder if the minister and the Department of Economic Development and Transportation can work with the Northern Air Transport Association, not just with the mining companies but with all the mining companies, to see how they can improve the training opportunities that are available to the residents of my community or to the High Arctic.
Mr. Speaker, I believe that Hall Beach is an outpost camp and there is going to be a lot of money to be used for that. However, they are provided by the mining companies.
You also stated that you will be supporting the mining sector.
What I’m trying to ask, Mr. Speaker, is: Will we be able to deal with the funds that you have identified for the Mary River project?
In the Baffin region, they are working on the gold project and also in the Kitikmeot region, they are working on the gold project.
Will the minister commit to ensuring that these issues are dealt with properly?
As an example, if I was an Inuk who wanted to work at a higher level, how would I be able to get training and how would the Department of Economic Development and Transportation be able to provide assistance?
Hon. Elizabeth Sheutiapik (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I also thank the member for raising a good question because the Department of Economic Development and Transportation is not responsible for that.
The Department of Education also has a Mine Training Division, which is very important to recognize that mining is a mix of different types of projects that are being developed and that we have to take into consideration.
There are a number of different departments that are involved. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Oral Questions.
Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, Mr. Main.
Question 131 – 1 (5): Support for Hospital Staff (Main) 
Ms. Main (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Health and Social Services.
First of all, I would like to state that my question is related to many communities, not just my community.
I think it’s across Nunavut that we have nurses and nurses working in the health centres.
Mr. Speaker, if we are aware that there is a high workload in the communities, then we have to look at the number of nurses in the communities.
Due to the lack of staff, due to the lack of staff, there is a shortage of staff. Due to the lack of staff, there is a shortage of staff and there is a shortage of staff. There is a shortage of staff.
It seems obvious that this is causing a lot of hardship to the people of Nunavut.
I hope I was understandable. I’m speaking in Inuktitut, so I hope I understood the question.
In English, Mr. Speaker, the number of positions in the department is increasing due to the lack of staff and the number of positions in the department is increasing.
My question for the minister: Can the minister tell the House what steps his department is taking to provide additional support to health care workers in communities who are overwhelmed by the workload?
Minister of Health, Ms. Angnakak.
I thank the member for that very important question.
The issue of staffing health centres is very important and this is one of the things that we have been working very hard as a department to make sure that we don’t have enough staff at the health centre.
I would hope that would be the case, but we do have a shortage of staff.
I know that the nurses work tirelessly.
Our department tries to fulfill its mandate, which is what they can do.
We just did that recently in the communities, when it was tired, we sent another nurse out to support the nurses.
Once that information is made available, the nurse is sent out to the nursing station and if there is a lack of employment, then they would be sent out to the nursing station.
When a nurse is in a situation where there is a vacation, whether it is a sick nurse or a sick nurse, we look at where we can get an assistant in the community.
In terms of the recruitment and retention of nurses, we want to make sure that we don’t decrease the number of nurses that are providing health care in Nunavut.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Main.
Ms. Main: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank the minister for his response.
I think we’re all concerned about the department’s staffing numbers. For example, in my communities, it’s evident that there are still too many vacancies at the health centres.
In the article, 70 percent of the positions are vacant, Arviat is 44 percent vacant.
I know that it’s a challenge and it’s a very difficult situation to deal with.
I would like to ask the minister if he could explain the challenges that his department faces in ensuring that we have adequate staffing at the community health centres, which are always very busy.
Minister Angnakak.
I don’t think we can retain them after 30 months of experience. I don’t know if it’s new or not, but it’s very difficult to be a nurse in the community.
I think it’s important that you look at it as well. I know that the department has been working very hard to try and address it.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Main.
I thank the minister for his response.
In other words, Mr. Speaker, we all know that there are problems in the communities. There is always a lot of work to be done and there is always a shortage of health professionals.
I would like to get clarification on exactly what is being done to address the problems in the communities. What is being done and what is being done to address the problems in the communities?
What steps are being taken to ensure that our nurses and other health care professionals are being supported by the department?
Hon. Patterk Angnakak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I just want to be very clear, but I don’t have that level of detail in front of me.
For example, if we were to be open for emergencies, we would not be able to make appointments if the workload was too high or if too many nurses were sent out for medical reasons.
In our department, as I said earlier, we are trying to fill all of our positions. It’s a challenge because we are competing nationally.
That’s what we’re trying to do. I know that they work with people from the north, not too long from the north, such as the north of Manitoba.
I know that the Department of Health and Social Services is well aware of what our nurses are using.
It’s not an easy thing to do, but it’s something that we have to continue to work on. If you have any ideas, please let me know.
Question 132 – 1 (5): Insurance Policy for Government Facilities (Hickes) 
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Finance.
As we are all aware, Mr. Speaker, every community in Nunavut has a wide range of infrastructure, such as air terminal buildings, health centres, schools, and offices.
My question to the minister is: In terms of the contingency plan, is that a contingency fund, or is it a one-time thing, or is it done on a case-by-case basis on a case-by-case basis?
Minister of Finance, Minister Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (Interpretation ends) Our insurance coverage is broken down by type of infrastructure.
Each of our infrastructure has different policies and some of them don’t even have a policy. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I recently saw in the media that in some of our communities, there was another school that was burned down.
There is a lack of insurance and the Department of Finance is trying to rectify the problem with the infrastructure to provide adequate insurance. We also learned that the cost of our own facility in Arctic Bay is $10 million.
What kind of impact will it have on the Workers "Safety and Compensation Commission if there is another fire at the school? (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (Interpretation ends) Today, the insurance premiums have increased from $10 million to $20 million for schools that have experienced fires.
We continue to encourage the Department of Education and all of us in this House to continue to push for the high cost of living in Nunavut. It is unfortunate that we are trying to burn it.
I think one of the things that we need to try and do is to show that we can continue to do our job and we’re doing a better job of showing that we need to make sure that our own costs are increasing and that we have our own insurance coverage. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Yes, I understand that, but I’m scared of the fact that there was a community insurance program that was half of the total cost of the project.
That was my question.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (Interpretation ends) I would hope that we would continue to have insurance coverage.
The new $20 million is for school fire damage.
Schools and other buildings require $1 million to pay for their own costs.
There are different things.
I can’t say how many schools would have to be burnt down, but they are no longer insured.
I hope that we don’t have a fire in our government and I appreciate the fact that all Members of the Legislative Assembly have to keep pushing for this because this is a school for our children and the public....
It’s not just for the schools, it’s for the health centres, it’s very important that we provide the services that we provide.
Any damage that is caused is a challenge to our clients and I would like to continue to push for these facilities.
So, Mr. Speaker, that is a reminder.
This is a public housing unit for all students and the public, including schools, health centres, and garages. It’s a public facility. It’s a public facility.
I applaud the minister for tabling this document in the Legislative Assembly. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Question 133 – 5 (1): Expansion of Training Opportunities in Baker Lake (Mikkungwak) 
I would like to direct my question to the Minister responsible for Nunavut Arctic College.
Mr. Speaker, as I noted in my Member’s Statement, the fifth Legislative Assembly of Nunavut has the opportunity to bring the new territory to a brighter future.
My question for the minister: Can the minister tell the House if he is willing to reopen the idea of establishing a university in your community in partnership with the private sector and others?
Minister responsible for Nunavut Arctic College, Mr. Joanasie.
I thank the member from Baker Lake for that question.
Mr. Speaker, Nunavut Arctic College has developed an advertisement for various universities outside of Nunavut to see how we can work together.
We have heard from various organizations, such as Agnico-Eagle, that they would like to establish a university for Nunavut.
We would like to see this proceed, but to date, we have been trying to come up with an agreement with any outside of Nunavut to work with Nunavut Arctic College.
I find it very interesting that we have to provide funding for the expansion of our education programs from the Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit Division to the Piqqusilirivvik Cultural School, such as the Piqqusilirivvik Cultural School, which is a diploma program that is offered by the university.
I feel that Baker Lake would be a very good location for expansion.
Can the minister clarify whether or not he and his officials have had discussions with the Board of Governors of Nunavut Arctic College to look at opportunities for post-secondary education in Nunavut?
Minister Joanasie.
Nunavut Arctic College would like to see more opportunities for Nunavummiut to pursue post-secondary education in their communities. We have been noticing that there is an online learning opportunity.
With respect to the member’s question about the Piqqusilirivvik Cultural School, we are looking at how we can expand the programs that are available in that facility.
Yes, they will be part of the Arctic College Board of Governors, along with my staff at Nunavut Arctic College, the president, and the vice-president. They will be preparing to move this forward.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Mikkungwak.
Mr. Mikkungwak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (Interpretation ends) I recognize that the previous government accepted the recommendation that Nunavut Arctic College should not be tabled at that time.
Will the minister commit to getting back to the House on this issue and report back to the House on the status of this issue?
Minister Joanasie.
Hon. David Joanasie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I thank Mr. Mikkungwak for the question.
The option of building a university in Nunavut is a multi-faceted idea for the public.
Agnico-Eagle has been able to come up with $5 million to build a new university in Nunavut.
I think there are ongoing discussions.
At this time, in the next four years, I don’t know if we want to go through this process, but once the feasibility study is done, it will be part of the feasibility study.
Members, please note that the time for question period has expired.
Mr. Main.
Motion 015 – 1 (5): Extension of Question Period (Main) 
Mr. Mike (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (Interpretation ends) In accordance with Rule 39 (7), I move, seconded by the Hon. Member for Iqaluit-Manirajak, that question period be extended. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
The motion is in order. To the principle of the bill.
All those in favour of the motion, raise your hand.
Opposed.
As such, the time allotted for oral questions has increased from 30 minutes to 30 minutes from now.
Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, Mr. Main.
Question 134 – 5 (1): Grants and Contributions (Main) 
Mr. Main (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Environment.
I rise today to talk about the Department of Environment’s Harvester Support Program, which I would like to ask about today, and I would like to find out what kind of assistance they provide to our hunters.
Looking at our government’s main estimates for 2017-18, there are three main estimates.
Let me say it in English. (Interpretation ends) There are three grants and contributions that the Department of Environment administers for disaster compensation, wildlife damage compensation, and fur harvesting programs.
The department has been allocated $150,000 for this fiscal year.
Mr. Speaker, I would first like to ask the minister: Can the minister describe how the Department of Environment evaluates the effectiveness and effectiveness of its programs and services?
Minister responsible for the Department of Environment, Minister Sheutiapik.
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the member for asking that question. I know that they have been bidding three times a year and they have just recently competed for the first time since March of this year. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Main.
I thank the minister for his comments on the sealing issue.
Mr. Speaker, the information that has been provided to the Legislative Assembly over the years is something that I really wanted to see and I think it’s something that the hunters and trappers have to see.
In 2011, the Department of Environment announced that the Fur Pricing Program would cost approximately $800,000.
In 2012, it was $1.1 million and in 2013, it was $1.04 million.
Mr. Speaker, can the minister provide me with an update on the status of the sealskin program in this current fiscal year? I would like to hear the latest information from the minister on whether or not this year’s sealskin program is still a good source of revenue.
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (Interpretation ends) I have a copy of what you read.
I can’t tell you where they are at right now because I don’t have the current tenders in front of me.
I can tell you that after the Aqsarniit Middle East trade show, the sales of sealskins have increased and I’m sure that will be the case, but at that time, we will be able to find out when the auctions for sealskins are going to be held. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Your final supplementary, Mr. Main.
I thank the minister for that answer.
This will be my last question, Mr. Speaker.
I wonder if the Department of Environment would consider providing more funding to the hunters and trappers organizations so that they can provide more assistance.
With respect to fox pelts, we are quite familiar with them as Nunavummiut.
I believe that the funding that is used is insufficient for one year, Mr. Speaker.
I think it’s too small.
I would like to ask the minister if he agrees with me and if he can look into this matter in the coming months.
I agree with you, and I look forward to tabling the supplementary appropriation in the House if you are going to be supporting it.
Question 135 – 1 (1): Compensation for Damage to Hunters and Trappers (Keyootak) 
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Environment.
Mr. Speaker, as we all know, in Nunavut, hunters are destroyed by polar bears and their cabins are destroyed and their equipment is destroyed by snowmobiles.
Mr. Speaker, the issue of compensation for damages is a very difficult issue to deal with and it is very difficult to compensate for the damage that is caused by the damage.
I wonder if the funding for damaged equipment has been used for this fiscal year.
Minister of Environment, Ms. Sheutiapik.
I’m sorry I didn’t hear everything.
Can he repeat his question, please?
Speaker (interpretation): Please repeat your first question, Mr. Keyootak.
Our equipment, our snowmobiles, and our cabins are destroyed by polar bears, especially when we leave them behind.
As we all know, there are compensation programs for damages that have been caused by the abandonment of the equipment.
My question was: Have these funds for this fiscal year been used for the damage that has been done already?
Speaker (interpretation): Thank you for the clarification.
Minister of Environment, Ms. Sheutiapik.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Keyootak.
The minister stated that he would provide a response once he has that information.
Can the minister give us an indication of how much has been spent in the Baffin, the Kivalliq, and the Kitikmeot regions?
Yes, I will give it to the regions.
Question 136 – 1 (5): Early Childhood and Early Childhood Services (Hickes) 
I would like to direct my question to the Minister of Education.
This afternoon, the Minister of Education stated that all licensed daycares will be able to receive more licensed daycare spaces depending on the location of the facility.
How much is being considered to be provided to licensed daycares?
Minister responsible for the Nunavut Housing Corporation, Minister Joanasie.
Hon. David Joanasie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank Mr. Hickes for the question.
Mr. Speaker, the Department of Education’s Executive Committee approved a multiplex agreement for a three-year term. Over the next three years, it has been divided into four categories.
I would like you to clarify the amount, the operations and maintenance total of $1.1 million per year, it is broken down that way by year.
Those are the numbers that I have.
I thank the minister for that explanation.
Mr. Speaker, when I look at the Child Day Care Act in Nunavut, section 17 of the Early Childhood Education Act, it states that "all staff who deal with day-to-day issues need to be properly trained. This is one of the things that I expect to see."
Mr. Speaker, I am aware that the Early Childhood Education Division is responsible for the delivery of early childhood education programs at Nunavut Arctic College.
I’m just wondering: How well are they doing? Are they evaluated to make sure that they’re getting the training that they need to be trained to do that?
Hon. David Joanasie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I thank Mr. Hickes for the question.
Training is part of the collective agreement for a three-year term.
The $1.1 million is outside of the operations and maintenance budget.
We want to get more certified teachers who can teach early childhood education.
So that’s one of the things that we’re trying to do to increase the number of apprenticeship positions that we’re looking at in the next three years.
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I thank the minister for that answer.
I look forward to getting that information in the House as soon as possible.
When I look at the daycare staff and the training programs that are offered, I keep hearing that when the staff are trained, they seem to be more beneficial to the daycares.
One of the concerns that I have heard is that there is a lack of income for the daycares, Mr. Speaker, there is a high turnover in the daycares.
It’s very important that we have the same level of education for our children in the early childhood education system. It’s very important that we do not break down the workforce.
Is this funding to help daycares to make sure that they have a better salary so that they will be able to work in that facility and not have to work there on a casual basis?
Yes, I agree with Mr. Hickes. I fully understand and agree with him that we want to make sure that the children are well prepared for their education and that they are going to be successful in life before they enter the school system.
So that’s one of the things that we’re trying to do and we’re trying to provide support to the daycares.
One of the agreements that we have in place with the parents is that as long as they don’t increase the daycare rates, I think we can do what we can to make sure that the staff at the daycares are getting the best value for the money that they need.
At this time, we are still working on it and we are working on it with the daycare staff across the territory.
Member for Arviat North-Whale Cove, Mr. Main.
Question 137 – 1 (5): Inuit Employment Requirements for Government Contracts (Main) 
On Friday, March 16, I asked the Minister of Community and Government Services a question to the Minister of Community and Government Services.
There are a lot of people working within the government that are going to be working on the Inuit labour content and the number of Inuit who will be working in the workforce is not the number of people who will be working in the workforce.
In regard to this issue, Mr. Speaker, the minister and I seem to agree that he is in support of increasing the number of Inuit employed.
The 20 percent is connected to the construction of the Baffin Correctional Centre and the breakwaters in Iqaluit and Pond Inlet.
If I understood the question correctly, Mr. Speaker, the numbers are 20 percent and 15 percent.
I’m just wondering if the minister could give us an indication as to how we’re going to change the tendering process to increase the number of tenders that have been put in place and if the department has the authority to do that.
Minister responsible for Community and Government Services, Minister Kusugak.
I’m sure that the Department of Community and Government Services understands that when they do the work, the Department of Community and Government Services provides assistance to the departments that are going to be responsible for the construction of these facilities.
If it’s going to be a docking facility, the Department of Economic Development and Transportation, if we’re talking about a correctional facility, the Department of Justice is responsible for that.
Those are the types of things that we do work with the contractors to make sure that the contracts are being adhered to. We provide assistance to them because we don’t operate them.
We work with the client departments to find out how many Inuit will be able to work in the communities.
We’re trying to make sure that we don’t go over budget and we’re not going to go over budget because we’re trying to get the materials that are coming in and we’re working with the departments.
I can’t say at this time that after the tendering process has been completed and the tenders have been tendered out, I don’t think it’s possible to change it at this time, Mr. Speaker.
I would like to ask a question in regard to this issue.
If there are no changes to the tendering process, if it’s impossible to do so, then we would be looking at other ways to provide more Inuit employment opportunities.
Would the Department of Community and Government Services be willing to work with the Department of Community and Government Services?
I hope I was understandable, Mr. Speaker.
Can the minister tell me, maybe tell the House, what happens when employees from other communities want to work in the construction industry, can the employees from Nunavut receive a copy of the benefits that they receive from the employees, from outside of Nunavut?
Hon. Lorne Kusugak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I thank the member for that question.
Mr. Speaker, the Nunavummi Nangminiqaqtunik Ikajuuti Policy provides that contractors evaluate the issues and Inuit employment requirements of the Government of Nunavut:
What is going to be done;
Inuit who are available to work in the workforce based on their academic qualifications;
There are other community-based programs that can affect Inuit employment opportunities.
Mr. Speaker, we encourage contractors in the communities to hire local people from the regions before they are recruited from outside of Nunavut.
We do encourage people coming to Nunavut to apply for jobs.
We encourage them to do that.
We work very closely with the client departments to make sure that they are meeting those objectives.
Your first supplementary, Mr. Main.
Mr. Mike (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (Interpretation ends) I thank the minister for his response.
This will be my last question. I would like to ask the minister if he could commit to working with his department to make sure that the larger projects are done.
Will the minister commit to working with the service providers to ensure that jobs are created and that Inuit are able to apply for jobs in the construction of housing units in communities outside of the territory?
Will the minister commit to ensuring that this option is taken into consideration to ensure that all Nunavut contractors are included in the contract?
I believe that the Government of Nunavut as a whole encourages the public to find employment for Nunavummiut first and foremost.
That is the way it is set up and we will continue to do that.
Going to the orders of the day.
Returns to Written Questions.
Item 9.
Reports of Standing and Special Committees on Bills and Other Matters.
Tabled Document 029 – 5 (1): Correspondence and 2018 Annual Report from North Army Mines Re: Mel Diamond Project (Investment) 
Last week, I tabled a letter from the president of Norterra and Nuliajuk concerning the issue of drilling in the vicinity of Hall Beach.
As I stated earlier, I will be supporting the mining companies because my fellow residents of Amittuq are also unable to obtain employment.
I am pleased to table today a copy of the minister’s response to the Western Hudson Bay Neighbours Regional Round Table, which was tabled in the Legislative Assembly in 2018, and I am pleased to table the report.
I think this is a very useful program and I think it’s going to benefit my constituents.
I will get back to the member on that.
Tabling of Documents. Member for Aivilik, Mr. Netser.
Tabled Document 030 – 5 (1): Correspondence from the Hamlet of Repulse Bay Re: Four-bay Garage (Netser) 
Tabled Document 031 – 5 (1): Correspondence from the Hamlet of Repulse Bay Re: Runway Extension in Repulse Bay (Netser) 
Mr. Netser: Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I have two documents that I would like to table from the Hamlet of Repulse Bay.
The four-bay garage in the community is growing very rapidly and the vehicles are getting very old and the garage is getting very old.
Secondly, if we were to extend the runway, it would be very beneficial to the community.
The hamlet has written a letter to the government.
Tabling of Documents. Member for Baker Lake, Mr. Mikkungwak.
Tabled Document 032 – 5 (1): Social Services Client Travel Policy (Mikkungwak) 
Today, I would like to table a document under the Department of Family Services "Medical Travel Policy, the Request for Proposals and Regulations, and the Patient Relations Policy.
I have two documents to table.
Tabled Document 033 – 5 (1): Options under the Supplementary Retiring Allowances Fund (Speaker) 
Tabled Document 034 – 1 (5): Speaker’s List of Outstanding Statutory Tabling Requirements (Speaker) 
Thank you, my colleagues. I have two documents to table.
The first section of the Elections Act is the Supplementary Retiring Allowances Act.
The second document is the Statutory Requirements for Tabling of Documents. (Interpretation) Thank you.
Going back to the Orders of the Day.
Notices of Motions.
Notices of Motions for First Reading of Bills.
Consideration in Committee of the Whole of Bills and Other Matters. Bills 2, 3, and 4 with Mr. Rumbolt in the Chair.
In accordance with the authority provided to me by Motion 10 – 5 (1), the committee will stay in session until it reports itself out.
Before we proceed to the Committee of the Whole, we will take a 29-minute break.
&gt; &gt; House recessed at 15:54 and Committee resumed at 16:18
Chairman (interpretation): Good afternoon. I would like to call the committee meeting to order.
In Committee of the Whole, we have the following items to deal with: Bills 2, 3, and 4.
Mr. Main.
Ms. Main: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
We are now reviewing Bill 2, followed by Bill 3, and the papers.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you.
Does the committee agree that we first deal with Bill 2?
Agreed?
Bill 02 – Interim Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018 – Consideration in Committee
Go to Bill 2 in your legislation binder.
Moving on, Mr. Akeeagok, do you have witnesses that you would like to bring to the table?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (Interpretation ends) If I may, I would like to have my officials sit with me at the witness table.
Chairman (interpretation): Does the committee agree to bring in the witnesses?
Sergeant-at-arms, please escort the witnesses in.
Mr. Akeeagok, for the record, please introduce your witnesses and proceed with your opening comments.
To my left is my Assistant Deputy Minister, Dan Carlson.
Mr. Chairman, thank you for the opportunity to appear before the Committee of the Whole on the occasion of its consideration of Bill 2, Interim Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, 2018-19.
This bill makes supplementary appropriations for the Government of Nunavut to defray the operations and maintenance expenses of $491,804,000 for the period April 1, 2018 and June 30, 2018.
Mr. Chairman, over the past year, the Minister of Finance has been here for the entire fiscal year, but we are the fifth member of the Legislative Assembly that has just sat down and we are preparing for what we are going to be doing.
With that being the case, the 2018-19 budget is for the planning and design phase for the fiscal year 2018-19. We will be able to bring it to the community of Pond Inlet in the spring session in May and June.
To this end, Mr. Chairman, we are proposing a temporary budget to allow the department to fulfill its mandate to provide services to Nunavummiut in the coming months.
This is an area where we have to go and set aside some money for this year after the election.
Mr. Chairman, all of our territorial corporations have had an opportunity to review these interim appropriations. Our calculations are based on departmental expenditures and expenditures over the past four years.
We are satisfied that this amount will be sufficient to operate as a result of the Legislative Assembly’s review of the bill and that it will be passed for the entire fiscal year.
These are the contents of the bill, two of which we will be requesting:
$8.62 million for the Office of the Legislative Assembly;
$11.66 million to the Department of Community and Government Services;
$29.08 million to the Department of Finance;
$49.1 million for the Department of Family Services;
$32.44 million for the Department of Justice;
$10.77 million for the Department of Culture, Language, Elders and Youth;
$64.1 million for the Department of Education;
$85.77 million for the Department of Health’s Old Office;
$8.32 million for the Department of Environment’s office;
$82.73 million to the Department of Community and Government Services for the Old Office Building;
$23.29 million to the Department of Economic Development and Transportation for the Directorate;
$73.39 million for the Nunavut Housing Corporation; and
$12.54 million, Nunavut Arctic College.
Mr. Chairman, that concludes my opening comments.
At this time, I would be pleased to answer any questions or comments that members may have.
Do members have any general comments?
Ms. Towtongie.
Mr. Towtongie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I was reading the Inuktitut version. $32.44 million for the Department of Justice for the Inuktitut language, $32.44 million for the Legislative Assembly.
There is a difference in the Inuktitut version of the $8.62 million in Inuktitut, which is $8.62 million for the Office of the Legislative Assembly or the Department of Justice.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Just for clarification, the Office of the Legislative Assembly is requesting $8.62 million and the Department of Justice is seeking $32.4 million.
I apologize if it wasn’t translated properly. (Interpretation ends) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
In the English version, it’s correct.
Mr. Hickes: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I just have a question in regard to the interim appropriations, I think it’s just about a percentage of the budget that has been expended in the past, and that’s the amount of money that has been allocated for election purposes.
I know that there has been a lot of debate on financial management, but the minister has indicated that there is a need to make real changes in order to ensure that the departments are able to provide the services that they need to provide to the people of Nunavut.
It’s not going to have an impact on the bill, Mr. Chairman, because it has had an impact on the bill.
I’m just wondering if there have been any changes to the way the funding is allocated to the next fiscal year.
Minister Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (Interpretation ends) Thank you for the question.
To date, there have been no significant changes to the operations and maintenance budget, but we will probably see the capital budget in the fall. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Are there any more general comments?
I suggest to members that wherever possible you ask your detailed questions during the page-by-page review of the departmental estimates.
If not, we will proceed to the clause-by-clause review of the bill.
Go to Bill 2 in your white legislation binder.
Bill 2, Interim Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018.
Chairman (interpretation): Clause 2. Do you agree?
Chairman (interpretation): Go to the Schedule on page 2. Page 3 in Inuktitut Schedule, Interim Appropriation, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018.
Vote 1: Operations and Maintenance. Interim Appropriation. Total Operations and Maintenance, to be Voted. $491,804,000.
Thank you, Mr. Main. Do you have a question?
Ms. Main: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I guess I should have brought this up earlier, but I have a question in regard to the department’s grants and contributions.
It is my understanding that the numbers are based on a percentage of the annual amount, but some of the grants and contributions have already been used for the whole year, so they will be depleted as soon as April 1.
I just want to get a little bit more clarification on the grants and contributions, whether it’s Economic Development and Transportation or the Nunavut Housing Corporation. How is that handled when the funding is not for a whole year, but some of the programs are administered annually?
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (Interpretation ends) That’s a good question.
In the budget address, in your opening comments, you had indicated that in the last four years, you had mentioned some of the first three months of the Grants and Contributions program.
What I can say is that the Department of Community and Government Services and the Nunavut Housing Corporation are one of the largest departments in Nunavut. As you can see, the grants and contributions are for operations and maintenance.
If they have to go through a request for proposals, then the departments have different processes, but in the last four years, all the departments "spending on quarterly payments are reviewed by the Department of Finance and the departments have an agreement on how their grants and contributions are operated.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Minister Akeeagok.
My question for the minister: Can the minister tell the House if there have been any projects that have been suspended or are they just going to be in the process of being put on hold?
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Main.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker. (Interpretation ends) We are doing the same thing as the other departments.
Hopefully by tomorrow, we will be able to look at our future budgets. We have been able to set up the Fifth Legislative Assembly with direction from the departments. We will be doing the same thing for the next three months. We will be looking at the next few months.
Ms. Towtongie.
I’m sorry, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I thank the minister and his officials.
In the main estimates, there is $491,804,000 above that.
First of all, I would like to clarify that in the bill, there is $8,623,000. In your opening comments, the minister stated that $8.26 million will be used.
The amount of $3,000 is not the same, but the total amount is $54,000.
Why is that the case?
I would like to get clarification on that.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Qirngnuq.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
The bill is on page 3 of the Inuktitut version, so we’re trying to get the numbers approved.
Those are the numbers that we are looking at.
As I stated in my Member’s Statement, I have only reduced the numbers in English to the main estimates. That’s what I have stated. I don’t want to say all the numbers, but we have reduced them by numbers.
The numbers that we’re looking at in the bill are accurate and they don’t just say it all right.
Total Centrally Administered Funds. $491,804,000. Do you agree?
Clause 5. Do you agree?
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you. (Interpretation ends) Do you agree to Bill 2 as a whole?
Do members agree, pursuant to Rule 62 (2), that Bill 2 can immediately be placed on the orders of the day for third reading?
Minister Akeeagok, do you have closing remarks?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would just like to thank my staff for preparing this government to be able to operate by June of this year.
I would like to thank all of you for your support in approving this budget, and I look forward to sitting here in the House when we deal with the budget in May and June.
I thank each and every one of you.
Bill 2 is concluded.
I would now like to ask the minister if he can proceed with his opening comments on Bill 3.
Bill 03 – Supplementary Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018 – Consideration in Committee
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I will keep my officials here, and I would like you to know that as soon as we get into other positions, I will be able to invite my officials to come to the witness table, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Chairman, I can now begin with my opening comments.
I am pleased to present Bill 3, Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018. Under this bill, the government is proposing to increase its budget by $56,602,000 for the following items:
$49 million to the Department of Health to address the over-expenditure of medical travel, mental health, rehabilitation, elders "long-term care, hospital physician services, and tuberculosis diagnosis;
$6.2 million to the Department of Justice to address the over-expenditure of the RCMP, Corrections and Justice; and
There is $1,402,000 in over-expenditure for the Children, Family Services, and Banking Services.
Mr. Chairman, that concludes my opening comments. I would be pleased to answer any questions or comments that members may have.
Are there any general comments?
Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) 2017-18, No. 3, Family Services. Not Previously Authorized.
Total Children and Family Services. $1,402,000.
Yes, I just saw the numbers and I still don’t have the information in front of me, but I don’t know where the focus is.
Mr. Savikataaq, can you respond to that question? (Interpretation ends) Hon. Joe Savikataaq.
Hon. David Savikataaq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I don’t have the breakdown in front of me, but there are two of them, but we do send more foster children out of the territory and we have increased the number of visits to out-of-territory hospitals.
For example, there is an elder in Igloolik, I don’t know which community it is in, so that the person in Ottawa who is on the ticket will be able to visit them, so that they can be visited.
There are some people who don’t get any assistance from the Department of Family Services.
The majority of people who are sent out of the territory are elders who can’t be assisted in Nunavut. As I stated earlier, there are more people visiting the communities.
I’m just wondering: In terms of the integration of elders "programs and services that the Department of Family Services is responsible for, I’m just wondering if the Department of Health and Social Services has repatriated the elders" facilities back to the Department of Health and Social Services, are you still working on that?
Some of the things that the minister mentioned are not directly related to social services.
Some of them are in the care of the Department of Health and Social Services and some of them, if they want to visit, there is funding available through the Department of Health and Social Services for travel.
That’s one of the examples that I used. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I understand that there is a requirement to visit some of the children that are in foster care down there because the funding is provided by the Department of Family Services.
My question is: Are there still elders who are receiving social assistance that have not been transferred to the Department of Health and Social Services?
Mr. Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (Interpretation ends) From what I have, the information that I have in front of me, the transfers to the Department of Health have been transferred to the Department of Health.
The outstanding functions of the Department of Health and Social Services are still administered by the Department of Health and Social Services.
I’m just wondering if there are any other programs that have not been transferred to Family Services. Looking at the information that we have and looking at our plans, I think all of them have been transferred. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Maybe I’m a little confused, but if the Minister of Family Services can elaborate on that, I would appreciate it.
It’s up to Minister Akeeagok to respond to another question.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I thought the question was: Are there any other positions in the Department of Health and Social Services that are still in the Department of Health and Social Services?
My response was that the Department of Health and Social Services is here right now, the elders "programs are in there.
We still have social workers in the Department of Family Services.
The supplementary appropriation is for the Department of Family Services to determine what the deficit was. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I thank the minister for clarifying that.
I understand a little bit better now.
Maybe I should ask another question in a more understandable way.
Does the Department of Family Services still deal with elders? Do they still have a responsibility for the Department of Family Services?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (Interpretation ends) Yes, there are still resources available for seniors and I would like the Minister of Family Services to clarify that.
I am aware that the government’s programs for seniors "fuel subsidy, the Senior Fuel Subsidy Program, the Senior Fuel Subsidy Program, and the Department of Family Services, I’m sure, have more than 60 years of age.
If I missed it, Minister Savikataaq, if you can assist me in responding to the question. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Thank you to both ministers for clarifying that.
This will be my last question.
When people are sent outside of Nunavut, are they still eligible for income support under the Income Support Program?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Through you, Mr. Chairman, I would like Minister Savikataaq to respond to that question. (Interpretation ends) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Hickes.
It varies depending on the situation.
In some cases, they are eligible for income support, but I can’t say for all of them that they are the same.
I would like to ask a detailed question within the department.
They have indicated that they will be allocating some of the funding for the shortfalls from other departments.
As it stands now, are the other departments that are here in Nunavut supporting the whole of Nunavut?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
In addition to the Department of Family Services, almost all of these positions were transferred over to the Department of Health and Social Services to the Income Support Program.
So it’s not very much of a subsidy. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I thank the minister for that answer.
I’m just wondering: In terms of allocating funds to other departments, when do you determine that they are going to be in a deficit situation and how do you deal with the deficit situation?
I don’t know if that has an impact on our meeting, Minister Akeeagok.
The department reports on a monthly basis and at the end of the fiscal year, there is a little bit of a over-expenditure for the department to be able to rectify some of the over-expenditure that is not possible. We have to go through a supplementary appropriation process.
We’re on page 4.
Mr. Main.
The document in front of us indicates that the number of people in residential care is increasing based on the number of people who require care. There were 189 individuals who were in residential care. There were 243.
Do you foresee an increase in this area?
What is the reason for the increase in the number of individuals requiring care?
Do you know what the reason is for the increase in the number of people requiring care?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (Interpretation ends) This is an increase in the number of clients in 2013.
I’m just wondering if that’s something that has been changing over the last number of years, if that’s something that’s going to be included in the main estimates from now on. I don’t want to be approving supplementary appropriations because you’re going to have to have accurate numbers in the main estimates.
Are they going to be included in that increase?
I’m just wondering if there are any changes that are occurring in terms of the numbers that are going up in each of the pages. It’s going to be noticeable when we talk about the changes that are occurring when we don’t keep up with the budget that we have in the budget.
We will be asking questions when we get to the main estimates. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
In the substantiation sheet that was provided by the department, it states that there is a surplus.
One of the things that the department recently announced was the restructuring of the Income Support Program.
I’m just wondering if the minister could indicate where the surplus was spent from the Department of Finance. Was the income support worker in the Department of Finance depleted or is there going to be more money allocated to the income support workers?
I’m just wondering if you can tell us what the increase is for.
What I’m trying to get at is where did the surplus go, where did it go?
I’m just wondering: In terms of the Income Support Case Management System, is there an increase in the paperwork or is there an increase in the income support amount? Where did that money go?
Chairman: Minister Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (Interpretation ends) There are a number of issues with the Department of Family Services.
One of the things that we have done in the past is we have hired a person to coordinate the transfer of positions from another department, and some of these individuals were hired to work on the job descriptions and the job descriptions, and so on, and so forth.
With the restructuring of the Income Support Program, there was also some funding for that, but the government’s response was that they send people out to residential care and they would be able to provide a variety of services.
There are a number of factors in how the Department of Family Services has reached its budget shortfall for the current fiscal year. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I’ll leave it at that.
The news release indicates that the department is spending more money on income support than it currently has in the budget, which is listed as an increase in the amount of money that is being spent on income support.
Is the money that is being proposed for the staff or is it going to be used for the income support office?
I would like my colleague, Mr. Savikataaq, to respond to that question.
Mr. Savikataaq, go ahead.
The Income Support Program, as amended, has a significant impact on the amount of money that was spent on income support. I can use this example.
The Child Benefit Supplement, the Child Benefit Supplement, the Income Support Program, the Child Benefit Supplement, the Income Support Program, the Income Support Program, and the Child Benefit Supplement, were deducted.
The child benefits that were deducted from the Income Support Program are no longer going to be the case now. The income support recipients will be receiving more money than the income support recipients and the families who are on income support will no longer be deducted from their income support.
We’re on Total Children and Family Services.
Not Previously Authorized. $1,402,000.
Justice. Operations and Maintenance. Not Previously Authorized.
Total Department of Justice. $2,600,000.
Mr. Netser.
Mr. Netser (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I would like to welcome the minister and his officials.
It states here that the purchase of new drugs is going to be done by the federal government this summer. Is there any plans to replace the marijuana legislation with the federal government?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (Interpretation ends) Yes, Mr. Chairman, I would like to ask the Deputy Minister of Justice to go to the witness table and remove my deputy minister. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (Interpretation ends) I will take that as notice and respond to the member’s question.
Does the committee agree to bring in the witnesses?
Sergeant-at-arms, please escort the witnesses out.
For the record, Mr. Akeeagok, please introduce your witness.
To my left is the Deputy Minister of the Department of Justice, Bill MacKay.
If it’s okay with you, I would like to respond to the question that was posed.
Mr. Chairman, that’s a very good question from the Minister of Justice in regard to the RCMP.
This is not geared towards marijuana.
We want to make sure that the prescription drugs that are prescribed in Canada don’t come to Nunavut, but these are new drugs that we need to learn and implement.
In December, during the FPT finance ministers "meeting, the funding will be provided through the Anti-Smoking Fund. Twenty-five percent of the funding from the federal government will be allocated to the RCMP for the purpose of investigating drugs and drugs.
This is a two-part program.
I thank the minister for his response.
My next question is in regard to the high cost of housing in the communities.
I’m just wondering if the minister could explain why that is in there.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Netser.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (Interpretation ends) In conjunction with the RCMP, they hired nine additional RCMP officers in various communities and that’s why they provide staff housing.
When there are additional RCMP officers, we have to get them through the government contracts. The additional cost was $300,000. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Main, did you have a question?
Ms. Main: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
In the minister’s opening comments, he talked about the $2.6 million breakdown of the $300,000 for housing.
I’m just wondering if you could give us a little bit more detail on that.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (Interpretation ends) I may be missing a number.
I will ask my officials to respond to that question.
Those are the numbers that we have.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I would also like to thank the minister. (Interpretation ends) In your opening comments, you stated that $1 million will be used for vehicles.
I wonder why these vehicles were not expected to be purchased.
I believe it was supposed to be in the budget, if I understood you correctly.
What was the reason for the purchase of new vehicles?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I thank the member for that excellent question.
This $1 million is geared towards vehicle replacement.
We do have a contract with the RCMP and there are a number of different things that they do.
The minister stated last year that the vehicles were not replaced due to lack of funding.
However, earlier this year, a number of vehicles were destroyed due to the fact that they had to purchase the equipment that they needed to do the work.
That’s why there’s been a substantial increase in this year’s budget.
I know that there has been a decrease in the sale of the equipment, but the equipment has been deteriorating.
With respect to the RCMP contracts, they don’t have to purchase the equipment. We don’t usually do that.
However, when we are talking with the federal government, they usually come to an agreement with the federal government and it seems to have gone up significantly.
Ms. Main (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
It also states here that my colleague was talking about this issue.
These drugs, I believe, are the most dangerous drugs.
Is it going to be for all the communities or is it just going to be made available to the communities?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (Interpretation ends) Yes, all the RCMP officers will be receiving this funding for all the communities.
So those are the new equipment that we have in place for the RCMP and for the public that may be going through that type of thing. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
In regard to drugs, if it’s a dangerous situation, if there are new drugs in the communities, are there any plans to find drugs in the communities? If there are no drugs in the communities, have you found any RCMP officers in the communities to date?
I hope that the people who are coming into our communities are not very happy and I hope that they will stop.
However, there have been a couple of communities that have been impacted by this issue. Further, the federal government is going to be coming up here in the Northwest Territories and they are in the Northwest Territories.
I am afraid that the people who are going to be taking drugs are going to be taking drugs.
If you don’t take these things, it’s a lot more fun, but these things are becoming dangerous and I am very pleased that the RCMP is preparing for them.
Ms. Main: I thought I was done.
That’s my last question.
In regard to the lack of housing in the community, perhaps you can clarify that for the Nunavut communities.
In the documents that we have provided, there are nine additional RCMP officers. There are nine in six communities in Nunavut that are decentralized and they have been allocated to different communities.
That was just a comment.
Moving on, Mr. Hickes, do you have a question?
In the $2.6 million that you are requesting, it talks about the interpreter / translators that are going to court. You said that there were seven judges that were going to court. Did you also have to get an interpreter from the court system?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (Interpretation ends) At this time, no, there are a number of additional interpreter / translators in the hiring process.
I’ll just leave it at that for now. In his opening comments, he talks about the need for new telephone systems to be installed and to keep the old telephone systems in place.
Given the fact that they’re going to have to replace the existing telephone system, are they going to be setting aside some money for the new system or are they going to be asking for additional funding once they get the numbers from the RCMP?
Yes, this is in the planning stages for the department and we are requesting funding for that. That is what we are planning for.
One of the things that the Minister of Finance is planning on doing is to have the Public Service Act passed, as my colleague has mentioned, the Motor Vehicle Information System. It’s in the planning stages, but there’s nothing in here for additional funding for smoking. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
With respect to other correctional facilities, it talks about the number of staff in the Baffin Correctional Centre. I’m just wondering if the minister could give us an idea of how many staff there are at the Baffin Correctional Centre.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (Interpretation ends) Item 8. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Did he say that there were eight?
Mr. Hickes (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would like to ask a question in regard to the information that has been provided to the minister on the overtime. It states that the Baffin Correctional Centre is $180,000, so I’m just wondering if there are any mistakes in the job descriptions, Mr. Chairman.
Can the minister clarify that for me?
Through you, I would like my Deputy Minister, Mr. MacKay, to respond to that question.
Mr. MacKay: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The superintendent of the nurse in charge, there are a lot of other staff that work there. If the weather is bad, they have to stay there, so that’s part of the overtime costs.
When there is a blizzard, the staff can’t go home. You said that there is going to be more people coming to work. Is there more than two times that there is a blizzard in the community?
Mr. MacKay, can you clarify your question?
Yes, there are two things. If there is a blizzard in the community, they are automatically brought in, but there are two instances where there is a blizzard in the community and there is a blizzard.
Mr. Lightstone.
Mr. Lightstone: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My questions are for the Minister of Justice. First of all, the RCMP has indicated that there will be a need for nine new RCMP detachments.
When you get a police officer, are they provided with housing on a case-by-case basis?
I am very pleased to say that one of my staff, who is just playing hockey, has been called by one of his colleagues, but I’m sure it’s going to be okay, but my deputy minister can’t write a letter.
There’s going to be a need for wheelchairs.
My question is in regard to the nine RCMP detachments. The RCMP gets housing from the federal government.
As I stated earlier, we work with different departments through the RCMP contract.
I would like to clarify that 70 percent of the RCMP costs are paid by the Government of Nunavut and 30 percent is paid by the federal government.
In terms of the RCMP, they are provided with a contract with the federal government. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Lightstone: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I’m just wondering: Will the RCMP provide housing for all the RCMP officers?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (Interpretation ends) With respect to the RCMP, when they are sending their staff to the community, how often do they determine the age?
That’s how they operate in a unique way because they don’t keep their RCMP officers out on the land because they do take them out on the land.
They don’t expect to get their own housing in most communities at any given time, but depending on how many RCMP officers they need, they are provided with housing in the communities.
The RCMP has a different system in place.
When they identify the need for a new RCMP detachment in all 25 communities, they try to include housing as soon as possible. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
It’s unfortunate that the RCMP does not try to integrate the RCMP into the communities.
When the RCMP gets their own home, how do they give them income support?
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Lightstone.
I don’t think anyone should be asking that question in this House.
I don’t think we should expect them to get their own homes, so that’s why they are provided with home care.
Mr. Akeeagok, if you want to comment on that, it’s up to you.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you.
That was a very good comment, Mr. Chairman, a very good comment.
Yes, the RCMP, even though they only stay in the community for three years, they are part of the community fundraiser.
If a police officer wants to get a house, they can apply to the federal government for housing.
The federal government makes money, not us. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
In terms of the last contract with the RCMP, how many contracts did you have with the RCMP?
On page 5 of the bill, it states, "$40,071,000."
If this is approved, it will be $42,671,000 for the contract for the 2017-18 fiscal year.
I thank the minister for that information.
Moving on to Item 3, Corrections. Corrections. Branch Summary. Corrections. Overtime and casual employment.
Chairman (interpretation): Mr. Lightstone, we are just here with the Law Enforcement Branch. We haven’t gotten to that stage yet. Can you wait for your questions?
At this time, we are asking questions to the Law Enforcement Branch. (Interpretation) Are there any further questions on this page?
Mr. Lightstone: Yes, the last one for the Law Enforcement Branch.
In the minister’s letter, he explained that the total budget was $40 million and they actually spent $30 million on escorts, which is estimated to be $42 million.
I’m just wondering if the minister could give us an indication of how that $42 million is projected to be spent by the end of the fiscal year.
Perhaps if I could ask the member which numbers he is looking at.
If there is a number, I would like to get some assistance. I sent a letter on Friday and I believe I found $30 million, but if he could elaborate a little bit more.
The letter is dated March 16 and it is referred to the Regular Members "Caucus Chair, the Minister of Finance’s letter to the Minister of Finance.
The document that I’m referring to is on page 4 of the business plan. It’s on page 4 of 5 of the business plan.
I would like to thank the member for his question. I see it in the document that we tabled.
The $30 million for this year has been used up to date, $30 million, and the plan is $42 million.
The RCMP has a description of what they’re going to be using and how much they’re going to be using. The $2.6 million that we have requested is based on the numbers of the RCMP. That’s how I wrote it down.
I’m looking at $2.6 million on page 1 of the business plan of the Legislative Assembly, and it indicates that the RCMP operates on a more streamlined radio station, and on top of that, it says, "For the history of the request."
The standing committee notes that the Legislative Assembly is proposing to amend its management structure. However, due to its unique nature, a $2.6 million increase is required to cover the cost of staff training for staff, training, staffing, and departmental activities.
In the same paragraph, it talks about $2.6 million for casual employment and casual employment. In the same paragraph, it talks about $2.6 million, and then it says, "There’s a little bit more of an efficiency of the CARS program."
Can you clarify that for me, Mr. Chairman?
Mr. Akeeagok, if you would like to clarify your question, it’s up to you.
If you look at the substantiation sheets that I mentioned earlier, there’s another breakdown. There’s a project of $2.6 million that’s going to be used for corrections.
There are two separate items. There’s $2.6 million, but it’s a separate project.
Mr. Chairman, the need for the RCMP radio stations, the need for housing, the need for vehicles, as well as the emergency situations that have occurred in the past. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Thank you, Minister Akeeagok.
If we’re talking about $2.6 million, how much of that is, I don’t understand that, can you clarify that for me?
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you, Ms. Towtongie.
On page 5 of our business plan, we’re dealing with the Law Enforcement Branch, $2.6 million.
In addition to the "Correctional Facilities" of $2.6 million, it also says, "Total Corrections." We’re not dealing with that right now. We’re in the $2.6 million area of law enforcement.
Do you have any questions?
Mr. Towtongie (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for clarifying that.
In reading the Inuktitut version, the English budget is the way it is, but in the Inuktitut version, it seems to be an estimate, it seems to be an estimate in Inuktitut.
Can the minister clearly explain what this means? Is it the main estimates or the main estimates for 2017-18?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (Interpretation ends) To my left, in the main estimates, it talks about the $40 million for law enforcement and $11 million for the office has already been approved.
At this time, we are still in the 2017-18 fiscal year and the estimates are projected to be a little over that amount, so that’s why we’re trying to get approval from the Legislative Assembly for supplementary appropriations for the Department of Justice.
A total of $6.2 million, of which $2.6 million is for the RCMP.
Those are the types of things that we are requesting from the House. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I was just confused because it seems like they are estimates in the Inuktitut version, although they are estimates.
I understand my question a little bit better now, but I’m done.
We’re on Law Enforcement. Total Law Enforcement. $2.6 million.
Next on the list is Total Registries and Court Services, $1 million.
Total Justice, Corrections, $2.6 million.
Mr. Lightstone: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My question is in regard to the Corrections Division, I think it’s an annual over-expenditure, if memory serves me correct. It’s just over-expenditure.
Am I correct in that?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The member is correct that the maximum amount is for overtime as well as casual employees.
Mr. Lightstone: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
If my memory serves me correct, the correctional facilities have a 12-hour facility. Is that correct?
Now that the current correctional facilities are full and overtime, has your department considered three to eight hours a day to rectify this situation?
Perhaps through you, the Deputy Minister, Mr. MacKay, can respond to that question.
The member is correct that they work 12 hours a day.
That’s how it’s set up for two hours, 42 hours a week, so it’s going to be overtime for 42 weeks.
Under the agreement, the overtime was reduced to $4 million and now it’s $2.49 million.
As a result, the corrections division’s deficit was $4.5 million, which is almost $2.6 million.
We are moving forward with the overtime payments and we will continue to do that.
Just a reminder, please turn your cellphones off and put them on silent mode.
Mr. Lightstone: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
They travel on overtime and they work 42 hours a week.
Do the employees work 50 hours or 60 hours a week?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
It’s too detailed, so we have to provide it to the House and we will provide it in writing.
My deputy minister can’t respond to that question.
We don’t have that information in front of us.
I don’t know the level of detail that the member is talking about in terms of the operations of the facility.
I would like to ask these questions.
What kind of training do they receive?
With your permission, I would like Deputy Minister MacKay to respond to that.
So in answer to that question, I think that’s where the training and training is going to be provided under the supplementary appropriations that are going to be provided to the courts.
At this time, we don’t provide any training.
We do have a trainer that is contracted out and that’s one of the reasons why it’s costing us a lot of money to replace the overtime and so on and so forth, and that’s why we have to increase the cost of the training.
At the same time, we are looking at other ways to better plan for the budget so that we can have more staff at the correctional centre and the courthouse to be able to provide more training to the contractors so that we don’t have a lot of teachers.
Ms. Nakashuk.
I was curious to find out about the 2.6 million dollars that was announced and the training of the staff.
What kind of training are you going to be providing to the employees and the casuals?
Both Corrections and Court Services provide training to casuals and employers.
There are a number of training programs that are offered in the correctional facilities, such as arbitration, dispute resolution, and so on, and so forth.
Can the minister clarify what programs and services are currently in place at the correctional facilities or can he ask me questions on this issue?
I don’t know if they have that level of detail, Mr. Akeeagok.
With your permission, Deputy Minister MacKay can give you a brief overview of what they do.
Ms. MacKay.
I don’t have the numbers in front of me, but I will be able to get back to the member on what kind of training is provided to inmates.
Depending on which facility is the most secure facility in Nunavut, the Iqaluit Healing Facility and the trades training centre will enable inmates to take advantage of employment opportunities, training, and employment opportunities at the Baffin Correctional Centre.
We also have Akausisarvik, which is one of the programs that we provide to each inmate based on the needs of the inmates, the addictions counselling that is provided at the facility, the anger management counselling, and so on, and so forth, depending on the inmates that are incarcerated, what they need, what they need, and what they have to do with their rehabilitation.
Even though they can’t leave the correctional facility, they are given training in order to get out of jail so that they can get into the workforce, which is usually the high school diploma and the trades training program that is offered in the correctional facilities.
In Rankin Inlet, we do provide probation services to the inmates.
There are different programs that we provide.
Mr. Nakashuk: I’m done.
We are on page 5.
Justice. Operations and Maintenance.
Total Department. Not Previously Authorized. $6,200,000.
Go to page 6.
Health. Operations and Maintenance. Not Previously Authorized.
Mr. Akeeagok, did you want to comment on that?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (Interpretation ends) It’s not a comment.
If it’s okay with you, we will move on to another department. I would like to have my officials at the witness table respond to that question before we go on to questions. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I was going to give you an opportunity, but if you would like to take this opportunity, it’s okay.
Sergeant-at-arms, you can change your staff at this time.
Does the committee agree to bring in the witnesses?
Chairman (interpretation): Sergeant-at-arms, please escort the other witness out.
For the record, Mr. Akeeagok, please introduce your new witness.
The person who just walked in, to my left, the Deputy Minister of Health and Social Services, Colleen Inuujaq Stockley.
Operations and Maintenance. Not Previously Authorized. Total Headquarters Region. $5.9 million.
Mr. Netser: My mistake.
I’m going to be asking questions in regard to medical travel.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you.
Are there any questions on the Directorate.
I don’t have too many questions, but when we’re talking about elders "facilities in Nunavut, there are three continuing care facilities that will be funded through different programs.
In the last couple of days when I was asking questions about the preliminary studies that are going on in Igloolik and Gjoa Haven, they are doing a feasibility study to see if they can expand the elders "facilities.
At that time, the minister was not aware of the number of beds that were going to be tested.
I’m just wondering if we can get an update as to what’s happening with the increase in the elders "group homes.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you for the question.
This year, according to the preplanning study, it’s under that category. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
What is the status of this preplanning study and what is the status of it now?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (Interpretation ends) You, Mr. Chairman, I would like the Deputy Minister of Health and Social Services to respond to that because he knows a lot more about the capital planning process.
The Department of Health has already planned for last year’s capital estimates for 2017-18.
I would like to ask the minister if they can proceed with the expansion of the facility in Igloolik. The minister just stated that they would be able to do that.
Just to keep that in mind, after the election, I’m sure that the government was going to have a new mandate, but I’m just wondering if there are any options for expanding the facility in Igloolik.
It’s not that far away, but we expect that we will be able to move forward once we know what the government’s mandate is.
In conclusion, when we talk about the use of government programs, we have identified that there is a lack of adequate infrastructure and I would like to take this opportunity to emphasize the department’s role in the delivery of the government’s seniors "care program.
I look forward to the development of an existing system that identifies a number of opportunities for new infrastructure that is currently on the waiting list.
That was more of a comment.
I would like to follow up on my colleague’s question in regard to the elders "homes.
I would like to know how the breakdown of the $900,000 is.
I’m just wondering if the minister could give us an indication as to which infrastructure is going to be divided amongst the group homes.
The $900,000 is for the three regions and the $300,000 is for each of the three elders.
Ms. Main (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (Interpretation ends) I’m just wondering if the minister could comment on the status of these units that are under contract with non-profit organizations in Nunavut.
My question for the minister: Can the minister tell the House how the Department of Health and Social Services works with the Department of Health and Social Services to inform the public if they are going to be over-expended?
The three communities that are operated by the government, not by the government, have just recently issued a new contract. That’s one of the things that we have been working on.
Additionally, if there is a need to increase or decrease, the Department of Health and Social Services and the various organizations have to meet with each other.
They work with each other when they have to work with each other to try to resolve the issues.
We have to abide by the rules of Canada and Nunavut.
In the business plan, it states that "There are three facilities that have just opened in their homes, two to three levels of residential care, and there are a number of factors that indicate that the majority of these facilities are residential care and aging."
Going back to the budget, do you anticipate that in the coming year, the costs will continue to increase, or is it going to be the end of the fiscal year, or are we getting enough money now?
At the beginning of the contract, there were three social workers that were under the responsibility of the Department of Family Services.
The Department of Health and Social Services finally awarded the contract in April of 2017.
In terms of the information that we gave to the Department of Health and Social Services, it’s a little bit different from the Department of Health and Social Services. The way we looked at it, the level of care, the level of care, the level of care, and the level of care that is provided by the Department of Health and Social Services.
That was the recommendation that was made by the department to look at the food that they are receiving.
When we looked at the contract, the elders "facilities were not able to meet the needs of the elders.
We’re projecting a deficit of $1.3 million and we’re projecting a deficit of $855,000 last year, so we’re proposing close to $900,000 for that purpose.
Correct me if I’m wrong, but when you look at the funding for mental health and addictions across the territory, I’m not sure if I’m wrong, but I’m just wondering if you can correct me if I’m wrong.
With respect to trauma or trauma, we have to deal with the trauma of the people who have been in trauma.
I’m just wondering: Is there any talk about setting aside some money for mental health services?
We’re here, we’re just talking about additional funding for operations and maintenance because we’re not talking about actual costs.
I don’t think it’s appropriate for this House or any other legislature to be in a position to be able to do that.
Do you have any further questions, Ms. Towtongie?
Thank you for that clarification.
The mental health contract for 2017-18 is $16.7 million, I believe, $6.2 million. What is the status of that?
That’s my last question. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Chairman, with respect to the $5.9 million that the member is asking about, it is included in the $43.1 million.
The bulk of the $16 million and $10 million is in there.
I wonder if the minister can elaborate on the details of that. Through you, Deputy Minister Stockley, I would like to ask why there is an additional $10 million for this project.
It’s good to hear that the people of Nunavut are asking for help, and I would like to encourage you to contact the health centres and the internet.
The number of people seeking treatment is increasing and that’s why we have seen an increase in the number of people who are going to the treatment centre.
I know that they have mental health problems and addictions.
There are also monies that are outside of the Department of Health and Social Services that are administered by the Department of Justice. There are a number of people who have been ordered to go to a rehabilitation centre and they go through the funding process.
Before we proceed to the Directorate, we will take a five-minute break.
&gt; &gt; Committee recessed at 18:03 and resumed at 18:10
I would like to call the committee meeting back to order.
Total Health Care Service Delivery. $43,100,000.
In the out-of-territory, long-term care for our elders, you have identified a number of areas that are deteriorating and deteriorating.
That would probably increase because we don’t have a forgivable laboratory in Nunavut.
That’s what I want to hear.
Are they looking at that to make sure that we have a laboratory in Nunavut?
It’s one of them right away, but it’s not at the top of the list.
These are the types of mental health issues that are being dealt with by the government.
On the same page, outside of the territory, the last bullet states, "Outside of the Territory of Nunavut, the Department of Health and Social Services is responsible for the delivery of health care services in Nunavut."
I was a little surprised that the minister’s correspondence, which is broken down by department, did not include any of the details of the over-expenditure.
I’m just wondering if the department is going to be spending all of their money in this area.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. On page 6, the first item is the $5.9 million that has not been previously authorized for out-of-territory care for elders in the Department of Health.
This year, we are requesting $5.9 million for elders "care and we are requesting $5.9 million for elders" care. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My question is more directed to the Department of Health and Social Services, which is responsible for over-expenditure in other areas of the budget.
Perhaps through you, if I make a mistake, the Deputy Minister, Stockley, can correct me.
I think that was the question that was posed, but I can respond by saying that the over-expenditure has not been removed from the Department of Health.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you for the clarification.
The money has not been spent internally, so the money that has not been spent has not been spent and we move it over to the next fiscal year.
The balance of the budget for the Department of Health is $49 million.
The letter that I just sent to you today will be translated into Inuktitut. It was sent in English on Friday and it’s not an appendix, it’s an appendix, it’s an over-expenditure, and if you look at what the plans are.
That’s a very small amount, if you look at the over-expenditure that we’re proposing in the supplementary appropriation. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I appreciate the fact that you mentioned the appendix, but what I was trying to get at was the letter that I received from the minister on page 4 of the business plan.
Under the Department of Family Services, they are showing the surplus that they can use to reuse it.
The Department of Health and Social Services has not done that. Why is it that they have not done that?
The Department of Health and Social Services did not have any indication that there would be a surplus.
On page 5 of the business plan, it indicates that the Department of Health and Social Services will require an additional $49 million. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The Department of Health does not provide a breakdown of the department’s programs.
In the Department of Health and Social Services, I know that there has been a budget surplus in the department, but in terms of the recruitment and retention of nurses, staffing, informatics, and so on, there has been over $1 million left over over over in the last few years.
Can the minister provide us with a breakdown of all the programs that the Department of Health and Social Services offers that are left over when there is an over-expenditure?
You’re asking for very detailed information that may not be available at this time.
Minister Akoak...
... Mr. Akeeagok, go ahead.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for recognizing me.
We don’t have that level of detail in front of us.
We will be able to table that in the House at a later date. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I’ll move on to the elders "facility.
In the second paragraph, it indicates that the current elders "facilities are operated through contracts with non-profit organizations in Nunavut.
I would just like to say that this is a very good program for all of Nunavut’s organizations.
I would hope that we would be able to contract as many contracts as we can.
Moving on to a different topic, on the same page, on a daily basis, 24-hour care for elders, it states that the Department of Health provides 24 hours a day, 7 days a week for staff housing under the Department of Health’s Staff Housing Policy.
The elders have to be administered according to the legislation.
I would like to ask the Minister of Health and Social Services: Can the minister tell the House what kinds of elders "facilities are required to meet the minimum requirements of the facility?
I responded to that question earlier.
The contract has been awarded to a new contractor and there has been an increase in the contract with the Department of Health and Social Services in terms of compliance and compliance.
If it’s not being followed properly, then the interpreters and the Department of Health and Social Services have to meet with each other to make sure that they’re following the proper procedures.
Mr. Monteith.
Can you clarify if these elders "facilities are up to the minimum level of care that they require?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you.
Right now, it’s a new contract and we have increased it by $900,000 to $5.9 million.
It has been identified that the three organizations will be trying to keep up with the needs of the elders, but they have not reached the level of care that they need.
As the minister stated, they are trying to catch up with that. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Netser (interpretation): Thank you.
It’s getting a little bit cynical now because I’m getting too quiet.
In regard to medical travel, they are asking for $50 million, and I have brought this up many times in the House in regard to medical travel patients who don’t have an appointment, especially in my constituency, when they go down to Winnipeg, they find out that they don’t have an appointment.
I’m just wondering if the Department of Health has a list of the patients that were sent down to Winnipeg for medical reasons that were not informed of their appointments, if the department has a list of the costs that were incurred for those patients that were not able to get appointments, their travel, accommodations, and so on. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (Interpretation ends) I thank the member for that question.
The Minister of Health and Social Services has committed to reviewing all of the patients who have been sent out for medical treatment and those who have not been seen or who have changed their appointments.
One of the things that the government is trying to do is to make sure that we look at all of the incidents that have occurred in the past and find out where the misconduct occurred.
The member has asked me a number of questions and he has seen these types of things and we would like to include them in the review.
I would like to thank the member for bringing this issue forward and we can look at it as a joint venture.
That will be part of the review, but there are patients who have to go to the health centre for appointments. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Netser (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (Interpretation ends) I look forward to the results of the review.
At this time, $5.5 million was allocated for tuberculosis in Qikiqtarjuaq and I believe it was just recently on February 26 that the federal government made a significant amount of money for Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami. I believe it was $82 million and $80 million was set aside for the TB study.
I wonder if the government or the Department of Health and Social Services has made a request or if Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami can assist us with this funding. I wonder if the government has discussed this matter with the federal government to see if they can be compensated for tuberculosis.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you.
That’s a very good question.
At this time, the federal government announced that its 2018-19 budget will be used to support the development of the Inuit Tuberculosis Program, which is also stated that Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami will be funded over the next five years to work with Inuit Nunangat.
At present, the committee is comprised of representatives from Inuit Nunangat. The Department of Health and Social Services is a member of the committee, which is a member of the committee.
At this time, the additional funding will be provided by the federal government and as the Minister of Finance, I haven’t seen any details on that.
I look forward to seeing the details of the work that is being done by the Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami. They are very knowledgeable to us as the Department of Health and Social Services.
That is how it is set up.
With respect to the contents of the report, we will be informed by the minister as to what is happening with this issue.
I would like to ask another question in regards to the concerns of the patients.
In here, medical travel is not an operational issue, but there are interest rates and contracts that go up. That’s what we’re talking about.
I’m just wondering: In terms of the $15 million over-expenditure, does the Department of Health and Social Services have an idea of why the costs are going up?
The 5.6 percent is projected to increase on an annual basis, what are the main reasons for these increases?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Through you, I would like my Deputy Minister, Mr. Stockley, to respond to that.
Medical travel and medivacs are increasing every year.
There are more and more patients going on medical travel, so it’s a good thing that they are getting diagnosed as early as possible and they are sent out.
In this case, tuberculosis is one of the most severe cases of tuberculosis in Canada. This is one of the reasons why people are not vaccinated.
I’ll give you an example.
I think there were about 60 medevacs that had to go to the health centre on Thursday.
The number of medivacs is increasing every week, so we have been looking at it every year, especially in the springtime, where people are suffering from lung cancer or respiratory illness, and we have to deal with it on an emergency basis.
The total number of medical travel clients and medical evacuations has increased.
Mr. Chairman, I’m not going to get into the details of what the reasons are for the increase.
I’m just wondering: Is the population of Nunavut going to be good for the health of the people?
Can I get a little bit of an explanation or if my question is too broad, are we on par with the number of patients that we are experiencing or are we being left behind?
I would like Deputy Minister Stockley to respond to that.
Mr. Speaker, it’s unfortunate that all of Canada’s health care system in Nunavut has the highest number of people living in overcrowded homes and it has caused a lot of health problems, but we have made some progress, but if there is no more housing available, then we will be able to address that.
We have also added an addition to the marshalling facility that has been added to the Baffin Regional Hospital.
We are trying to reduce the amount of medical travel that is provided to the communities.
We are moving forward.
The second category is the Telehealth system, which will be used in all three regions.
You will get a lot more information when we want to get funding for operations and maintenance.
I thank the minister for that answer.
I look forward to the day when we are dealing with the main estimates for this department.
In terms of the mental health over-expenditure of $10.5 million, one of the things that we hear is that it’s an ongoing program and it’s a very important program.
When I look at the substantiation sheets, it doesn’t say what the reason is for the increase of $10.5 million.
I’m just wondering: In your department, are there more people with mental health issues now and, if so, what is the reason for that?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
During the Fourth Session of the Fourth Legislative Assembly, a number of Members of the Legislative Assembly took their own lives. This was an urgent matter for the government to take action.
We’re going to continue to promote that. We don’t have any training programs in place to be able to provide that service to the physicians.
It will change the way our constituents and members continue to bring forward issues in the Legislative Assembly to the public on this issue.
My last question is in regard to the Mental Health and Addictions Program, how many of our clients are currently receiving care outside of the territory for mental health and addictions?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. 64.
I’m just wondering: Is it 64 more, or is it less, or what’s the change from the previous year?
We don’t have that information in front of us, but if the member wants that information, we will be able to provide it in the main estimates.
Moving on to a different topic, the Qikiqtarjuaq Tuberculosis Survey, I’m sure all of us agree that it’s very encouraging to hear that.
It says here that the equipment and equipment will be kept by the Department of Health and Social Services in other communities. Is it going to be a study or is it too small or is it going to stay in the community?
Through you, I will have my Deputy Minister, Stockley, respond to that question.
Will the property assessments be done through the capital planning process?
I’m lost.
I know it’s under capital, but I would like to get clarification on that.
Yes, through you, I would like my Deputy Minister, Stockley, to respond to that.
The bulk of the assets came from the federal government.
The funding that we received from the federal government, for example, the breakwaters, the breakwaters, the doors, and so on, is used by the Department of Health and Social Services.
Ms. Main: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
My last question, I’m sure it’s my last one.
The Department of Health and Social Services, in terms of the recruitment and retention of agency nurses, the department has been very successful in reducing the number of agency nurses.
I would like to ask, in this current year’s expenditures in the past, what changes have been made to the formula financing arrangement?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Instead of having to use agency nurses, we have been able to provide more services to the people of Nunavut.
From last year to today, we have been utilizing more of our own nurses.
That’s my final question.
If I get the breakdown of the $8.6 million, I would appreciate it.
Broken down by fiscal year for the 2017-18 fiscal year, there was a shortfall of $52.5 million for casual staffing, which exceeded $45.3 million in overtime, waitlist payments of $15.7 million, and agency nurses exceeding $0.1 million, totalling $8.6 million.
I just have one question to make a comment on the breakdown of the items that you’re talking about, but I’ll just add to Mr. Main’s question.
I’m not going to get into the details of that, but I’m going to go into the details of that.
If there is a nurse in Sanikiluaq who has an emergency in the middle of the night, if they have to leave, they have to have overtime. I know that the employee has to have overtime.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (Interpretation ends) All of these are agency nurses. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I know the minister was answering questions today about what the department is doing to recruit and retain nurses.
I’ll leave it at that for now.
I just want to make a comment. When we look at the budget of the Department of Health, there are physicians, contractors, psychiatric nurses, and medical travel, there are always supplementary appropriations that are put forward every year.
The number for mental health and addictions has changed dramatically from last year. I believe it was $6.8 million to $7.8 million last year.
Earlier in my budget speech, the Minister of Finance indicated that there has been no change at this time, but I believe that there has to be a real change because we have to go back and forth and we have to go through the supplementary appropriation process.
When you are aware of the over-expenditure requirements that are in place right now in the main estimates, you have to be able to come up with the dollar values that are required and not just the supplementary appropriations.
That’s just a comment, but I would like to hear from the minister in regard to that.
Again, I think it’s a realistic thing that we’re looking at, as Members of the Fourth Legislative Assembly, we’ve been considering these issues and we’ve had discussions with some departments, Health and Social Services, and the Department of Justice, and we’ve always come back with supplementary appropriations.
I am very pleased that we are dealing with this issue in the main estimates and I am working closely with my colleagues on this issue.
I have responded to some of the health issues since I have been the Minister of Health and Social Services. It has always been called the Department of Health and Social Services and it has been very sensitive to the health department.
I think that’s something that we really need to work on, to make sure that the budget is accurate, to make sure that everything is corrected, and to make sure that we don’t change the budgeting process, we have to recognize that we have to do some of the things that we have to do.
We will have to go through the Legislative Assembly to make those changes.
One of our regular members made a number of observations and observations.
I also feel that we have to work closely together as Members of the Legislative Assembly, because we really need that.
In 2017-18, we are facing some of the challenges that we face. I would like to work closely with the Premier and the Members of the Legislative Assembly to make sure that we know how much money was spent by the departments and we don’t have to go back to the main estimates.
I just wanted to make that comment and thank you, Mr. Chairman, for giving me the opportunity to make my comments.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I applaud the minister for acknowledging the need for an amendment.
I just wanted to reiterate that as he stated earlier, the Department of Justice continues to approach our current colleagues to deal with overtime issues, such as overtime, overtime, nurses, and other statutory requirements. I have raised this issue for the last three and a half years and I will be tabling it in the House.
Again, I think it’s important to recognize that, and I think the Minister of Human Resources is saying, "How can we get the government to fill these positions?"
As we move forward with the development of our existing organizational structure, if we were to fill those positions, as Mr. Main was talking about the challenges that the government faces, the tireless, and the pain that it causes to some of our employees, then we have to look at how we can move forward with the government, where we have strengths, and we’re not trying to keep up with the challenges that we’re facing.
In terms of overtime, I would like to find out more about moving forward where the priorities are and what the initiatives are so that we can look forward to what we can do.
That was just a comment.
Mr. Mikkungwak, did you have a question?
Mr. Mikkungwak (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I just have one question in regard to the mental health contract. In the fourth paragraph, it states that the Department of Justice is compensated for the cost of medical travel. Is that included in the $10.5 million?
I will try to make it short. Yes, I will provide that information to the member.
Mr. Lightstone, do you have any further questions?
My last question, Mr. Chairman, is in regard to Mr. Main and Mr. Hickes "questions.
The last question I have is in regard to the health centre staff, the $8.6 million over-expenditure. It’s just an indication of the $143 million that you’re indicating, $151 million up to $8.6 million.
Is that for all the salaries and benefits of the department?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (Interpretation ends) Yes, these are for the compensation and benefits.
Mr. Lightstone: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Is this $151 million 100 percent accurate?
This is a $25 million increase in compensation and benefits.
I don’t think the funding has ever been 100 percent.
As I stated earlier, we are requesting $8.6 million in our main estimates for compensation and benefits.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman. It’s not 100 percent accurate in our financial statements. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
In the very near future, there are a lot of things in there.
Let me move on to the minister’s letter on page 4 of the minister’s opening comments. The department’s proposed budget for the Patient Relations Division is $63.8 million for the 2017-18 fiscal year.
I’m just wondering why the money was set aside for the 2016-17 fiscal year.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I don’t have that information in front of me.
If you would like, I can get it. (Interpretation ends) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Lightstone, we’re trying to deal with 2016-17, not 2017-18.
I’ll just keep in mind that I’ll leave it at that for the 2016-17 fiscal year.
I asked this question in regard to the medical travel budget last year. I would like to know what the department’s budget is for 2018-19.
I don’t think Mr. Akeeagok has the figures in front of him for 2017-18, but I don’t think he’s anticipating it for next year. Mr. Akeeagok may not have that information in front of him, Minister Akeeagok.
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (Interpretation ends) In May, there will be a budget address for 2018-19. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
We are voting on the interim appropriation for 2017-18. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
One of the other things that I would like to point out in the budget is that there is a problem with the funding that the minister provided. There are a lot of differences between the main estimates and the main estimates that have been done every year, but I would hope to be in a position in the next fiscal year to be able to make a commitment to the Department of Health and Social Services when the O & M budget comes up.
I don’t want to see the Legislative Assembly repeatedly asking for additional funding on an annual basis.
I would like to ask the minister if he could give us an update on the operations and maintenance of the department.
That’s more of a comment.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you. (Interpretation ends) Mr. Qirngnuq, do you have a question?
Mr. Qirngnuq (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I would like to ask a question in regard to medical travel. In English, I will be asking questions in regard to medical travel. For the third bullet in April, there has been an increase in the number of medivacs last year.
The member is referring to medical travel. This has increased the number of people who have to go to the health centre. The number of people who have to go to the hospital has increased. The number of people who have to have a baby has increased.
However, the number of patients requiring medical travel is rising.
Mr. Mikkungwak, do you have a question?
I’m sorry, I thought you had your hand up.
We are on Health and Social Services. Operations and Maintenance.
We’re done with the $43,100,000. If you go down to the bottom, the total department is $49 million.
Not Previously Authorized.
Go back to page 2. Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) 2017-18, No. 3. Schedule 1. Operations and Maintenance. Total Operations and Maintenance, to be Voted. $56,602,000.
Go to Bill 3 in your legislation binder.
I’m sorry, let me go back.
Bill 3, Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018.
Chairman (interpretation): Go to Schedule on page 2. Schedule. Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) 2017-18. Vote 1: Operations and Maintenance. Total Operations and Maintenance, to be Voted. $56,602,000. Agreed?
Clause 4. Agreed?
Chairman (interpretation): Clause 5. Do you agree?
Chairman (interpretation): Does the committee agree to Bill 3 as a whole?
Chairman (interpretation): Do members agree that pursuant to Rule 62 (2) that Bill 3 can immediately be placed on the orders of the day for third reading?
Minister Akeeagok, do you have any closing remarks?
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Chairman. (Interpretation ends) I would like to thank the members for their questions on the budget allocation for the upcoming fiscal year and the hard work of our staff to compile the best estimates that are available.
Using this methodology, we will be able to make changes to the budget.
Before we go to the next bill, we will move on to the next bill.
Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I would like to thank the minister for his hard work and I will now rise to report progress.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you. Did you want another witness to come in?
Sergeant-at-arms, please escort the witness out.
We will move on to Bill 4.
Mr. Akeeagok, please proceed with your opening comments.
Bill 04 – Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018 – Consideration in Committee
Hon. David Akeeagok: Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I am pleased to appear before you today to present Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018.
Through this bill, the government is requesting an additional $96,000 for 2017-18.
This supplementary appropriation will provide the Department of Community and Government Services with a non-profit contribution of $96,000, as a result of interest adjustments in negotiations for the lease of the Nunavut Construction Corporation’s Legislative Assembly building, as well as nine GN offices across Nunavut.
I would be pleased to take questions and comments as we proceed.
Are there any general comments on the minister’s opening comments?
This is the first time that I have been involved in this process. I would like to know why we have to do this.
Is the Department of Community and Government Services not able to find their own capital estimates?
I think it’s important that the financial statements be recorded so that we can be more transparent and transparent.
There would not be any money, but it would have to be paid out of the interest that was higher than what was expected. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Community and Government Services. Not Previously Authorized. Total Community Services. $96,000. Do you agree?
Go to page 2.
Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) 2017-18, No. 4. Schedule 1. Capital. $96,000. Do you agree?
Go to Bill 4 in your white legislation binder.
Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018. Clause 1. Do you agree?
Chairman (interpretation): Clause 2. Do you agree?
Chairman (interpretation): Go to Schedule on page 2.
Schedule. Supplementary Amounts Appropriated for the Fiscal Year Ending March 31, 2018. Vote 2.
Capital Expenditures. Total Capital Expenditures. $96,000.
Clause 4. Do you agree?
Chairman (interpretation): Do members agree to Bill 4 as a whole?
Chairman: Do members agree that pursuant to Rule 62 (2) that Bill 4 can immediately be placed on the orders of the day for third reading?
Mr. Akeeagok, do you have any closing remarks?
On behalf of the Office of the Auditor General and the Department of Finance, I would like to thank all of you for approving this item.
Chairman (interpretation): Thank you.
Sergeant-at-arms, please escort the witnesses out.
We have concluded the Committee of the Whole. I now recognize the clock and would like to report progress to the Speaker.
Speaker (interpretation): Going to the Orders of the Day.
Mr. Rumbolt.
Your committee has been considering Bills 2, 3, and 4 and would like to report that Bills 2, 3, and 4 are immediately ready for third reading.
Mr. Speaker, I move that the Report of the Committee of the Whole be agreed to.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I thank Mr. Main for the question.
All those in favour of the motion, raise your hand.
Item 21.
Third Reading of Bills.
Minister of Finance, Minister Akeeagok.
Bill 02 – Interim Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018 – Third Reading
Hon. David Akeeagok (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
I move, seconded by the Hon. Member for Aggu, that Bill 2, Interim Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018, be read for the third time.
To the motion.
Speaker (interpretation): All those in favour of the motion, please raise your hand.
The motion is carried and Bill 2 is ready for assent.
Third Reading of Bills.
Bill 03 – Supplementary Appropriation (Operations & Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018 – Third Reading
I move, seconded by the Hon. Member for Rankin Inlet North, that the
It has been a long day.
I move, seconded by the Hon. Member for Iqaluit-Niaqunnguu, that Bill 3, Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018, be read for the third time.
The motion is carried and Bill 3 is ready for assent.
Item 21, Third Reading of Bills.
Minister of Finance, Minister Akeeagok.
Bill 04 – Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018 – Third Reading
I move, seconded by the Hon. Member for Rankin Inlet South and Whale Cove, that Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018, be read for the third time. (Interpretation) Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Speaker (interpretation): All those in favour of the motion, please raise your hand.
Thank you. The motion is carried and Bill 4 is ready for assent.
Mr. Clerk, can you ascertain if the Commissioner of Nunavut is prepared to enter the Chambers to give assent to bills.
Assent to Bills
Commissioner Nellie Kusugak (interpretation): Members of the Legislative Assembly, please be seated.
Welcome to the Gallery.
As Commissioner of Nunavut, I am honoured to give assent to the following bills:
Bill 1, Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 2, 2018-19;
Bill 2, Interim Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, April 1, 2018, to June 30, 2018;
Bill 3, Supplementary Appropriation (Operations and Maintenance) Act, No. 3, 2017-2018; and
Bill 4, Supplementary Appropriation (Capital) Act, No. 4, 2017-2018.
It has been a few months since I swore the oath of office to the Legislative Assembly.
Since that time, we have been working very hard to get new jobs and jobs for the people of Nunavut and Nunavummiut.
Tomorrow is June 20 and we expect that it will be a beautiful day and it will be a beautiful day.
As a result, I hereby prorogue the First Session of the Fourth Legislative Assembly, and I encourage all members to reconvene at 1:30 p.m. tomorrow morning for the opening of the Second Session of the Fourth Legislative Assembly.
Speaker (interpretation): Before we go to Item 22, I have an announcement to make.
As Speaker of this House and Chair of the Order of Nunavut Advisory Council, I am honoured to take this opportunity to announce this year’s recipients of the Order of Nunavut.
On January 1, 2010, the Order of Nunavut Act came into force.
It makes sense for individuals to be recognized for their hard work, dedication, and dedication to the people of Nunavut, to our communities.
This award is the Government of Nunavut’s highest honour of all awards, medals, or medals.
As of today, 15 individuals have received the Order of Nunavut Award for Excellence in Excellence.
These individuals have been recognized for their hard work and dedication to a variety of areas, including public service promotion, education, language advocacy, and various leadership roles in diversification, and economic development.
I am especially proud to announce two individuals who will be receiving awards this year, Ms. Vardy Brewster and Mr. Lootie Palluq.
I am very pleased that we are able to have Pudluk in the House with us today.
Welcome, Mr. Pudluk.
As members are aware, Betty Brewster has been a well-known interpreter for many years.
In 2016, she was recognized for her work and dedication to the work of the Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit.
Mr. Pudluk, who was a Member of the Legislative Assembly of the Northwest Territories from 1975 to 1995.
During his many years of service, Mr. Pudluk represented the High Arctic communities. Mr. Pudluk was one of the key players in the development of Nunavut.
I am pleased to announce that we will be working on the accreditation report, which will be developed by Ms. Brewster and Mr. Pudluk during the spring 2018 sitting of the Legislative Assembly.
The awards ceremony will be held here in the Legislative Assembly and will be broadcast across Nunavut on television.
I am very proud that Commissioner Nellie Kusugak will be the recipient of the Order of Nunavut, and I look forward to all Members of the Legislative Assembly being able to join me in the celebration of this day.
We will now go back to the orders of the day.
Item 22, Orders of the Day.
Orders of the Day for March 20:
Opening Address
This House stands adjourned until Tuesday, March 20, at 1:30 p.m.
&gt; &gt; House adjourned at 19:25
Hon. David Akeeagok
Hon. Patterk Angnakak
Minister of Health; Minister responsible for the Elders "Representatives; Minister responsible for Suicide Prevention
Hon. Jeannie Ehaloak
Minister of Justice; Minister responsible for the Qulliq Energy Corporation; Minister responsible for the Status of Women; Minister of Human Resources
George Hickes
Hon. David Joanasie
Minister of Culture, Language, Elders and Youth; Minister of Education; Minister of Languages; Minister responsible for the Nunavut Housing Corporation
Julie Qanirngnuq
Mila Kamingoak
Hon. Paul Quassa (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
Minister of Community and Government Services; Minister responsible for the Nunavut Housing Corporation
Adam Lightstone
Aarluk Main
 (Arviat North-Whale Cove) 
Simeon Mikkungwak
Margaret Nakashuk
Patterk Netser
Emiliano Qirngnuq
 (Netsilik) 
Hon. Paul Quassa
Deputy Premier; Minister of Family Services; Minister responsible for Homelessness; Minister responsible for Immigration
Hon. Elisapee Sheutiapik
Government House Leader; Minister of Economic Development and Transportation; Minister of Energy; Minister of Environment
Qatani Towtongie
The Missionary of the Catholic Church visits Nunavut
"The entire Arctic right now is tied to the event tonight"
"Rodney Howard Brown, the Reverend of Evangelical Florida, speaks in Iqaluit on August 27."
 (Photo by Thomas Rohner) 
By Thomas Rohner for Nunatsiaq News
"It is believed that Reverend Evelyn is better known for her actions, that climate change is unbelievable and that the economy of the world will eliminate the Christian faith that went to the Iqaluit church on August 27."
"Rodney Howard Brown, a Saudi-African-American who moved to the United States, told attendees at the Tamapta Bay neighbourhood last year that the world’s most vulnerable people were wounded in Louisiana and drink a human blood donation."
He stranded more than an hour at the Iqaluit Cathedral for over 100 people.
But their information is not for everyone.
"The entire Arctic right now is tied to the event tonight.
"So if you want the light (in the air), please stand here (in the church), or you can leave."
"It’s up to you," Hewitt-Brown said of her two-and-a-half hours of work. "
About 50 people attended.
"I didn’t fly thousands of miles to play.
"I didn’t come here to be liked, and I didn’t come here to ask for permission from you... remember: When Jesus died of a heart attack, he asked me to leave the room with people."
"Attendees were more Inuit and infants, youth and elders."
"Within the church of the Christian Valley church near Iqaluit Ruth Novosti, children race in between chairs."
"On the outside, the church and Musk are facing each other over a car park, which is in front of Ted Doug Lake."
"Hewitt-Brown’s admission was part of a organized event led by the Bell Partners of the Eastern Arctic Hope Project, based in Ottawa."
The organization did not respond to Nunatsiaq News "request for comment.
"The Evangelical Mission, which is 119th out of 300 destinations in the community, began after an hour of events."
"First, the Iqaluit church choir launched this evening in Iqaluit after the late Evangelical Reverend Louis Arreak, who helped launch the Christian Valerie Church."
"Eric Gonzalez, a missionary of the Howard Brown-Ribbon church in Indonesia, gave 40 minutes of testimony to the president."
"Louis Arreak, Iqaluit’s Evangelical and songwriter, sings Rodney Howard Brown before he speaks."
 (Photo courtesy of Rebel Prime Minister Indonesia) 
"God loves a gift"
Giannis is asking attendees to submit their emails to the Registrar and to comply with Howard Brown’s Instagram post.
He handed out a permit to Howard Browne for religious sales.
"And he revealed that Howard Brown-Brown will be reading, the Kindergarten Plan, saying he’s talking about the experiences of disadvantaged economies over the last 200 years."
"This is about a protester in Crystal, he should be talking about that," Giuliani said. "
Giannis then posted a video of the 18-minute Hawaiian-Brown trial.
"At the end of the video, Hewitt-Brown prayed that those who donate money to the church in God will be given what they have protected for the soul of the church."
"God loves a great gift," Hazlewood Brown said in his video. "I don’t know."
Giuliani inspired his parents at the end of the video.
"One is a square and one brings together and together we’re celebrating the vegetables, so if you put a chimney in there, it goes to your church."
That’s amazing. "
"He then hands out a bag and tells these people that he can do" the best gift for the soul, "or financially, to RMI Canada, using a credit card or card."
"I keep telling people, don’t let the biggest economy go to the Steel or the new telephone... please use the church for promotion and slavery."
Is that what he is saying? "
Many people filled and recorded the bag and packaged it into a blue plastic bag.
Some people just scratch the bag and hold the bag.
One woman grabbed a knife and put it in her pants.
The goal of this program is to provide assistance to many countries, including Nunavut, where almost half of the population is dependent on income support, including food insecurity and housing shortages.
"Howard Browne did not respond to a request for an interview with Nunatsiaq News, so it is unclear how much he made."
Their earnings are no secret to anyone but their website says they train 158 landowners.
It also states that people who wish to participate in the aviation subsidy program can be deducted from their income tax.
Giannis told attendees to shake hands with their donations to the Riverside church.
"Dad, we thank you for this gift, and we thank you for representing your soul, going to our bank accounts," Giannis said. "
Three-quarters of them were filled to capacity.
Rodney Howard Brown directs the woman on top of her hand when she touches her hand.
Reverend Patterk Netser’s best friend
"The Rev. Yovanovitch is already founded in Nunavut, escorting most of the communities."
"Third-party conferences occur every year and, between the 2000s, they continue to grow."
"One participant in this kind of conference, Roger Armstrong, told Nunatsiaq News in 2004 that these conferences are very record-breaking for people whose lives are damaged by violence and abuse."
But Haber-Brown’s instruction to spend more money on revitalization and realisation may be new to Nunavut.
"Patterk Netser, the longest-serving defender of reality religious affairs and now Nunavut’s minister of housing and Nunavut Arctic College, has called Hewitt-Brown’s calls" Saskatchewan’s girlfriend "and told him that climate change is not true."
"Mr. Netser did not want to be interviewed by Nunatsiaq News but he said," Ronnie is my friend and we talk to each other. "
"When asked to respond to Hewitt-Brown on a number of occasions in the media about the obstruction of justice, it also suggested that the U.S. Supreme Court should shoot down the U.S. Constitution because it’s inappropriate," Netser said. "I don’t care about what happens in the United States."
My main concern is my constituents and Nunavummiut. "
"Rodney Howard Brown, the Reverend of Evangelical Florida, speaks in Iqaluit on August 27. (Photo courtesy of Thomas Rooney) "
"Tonight’s Light on Ice"
"After an hour of events, Hayward Brown – the main focus – went to the missionary."
"It’s going to be light tonight on the ice," the missionary said of more than 100 people, with more people, at different ages. "
"If you don’t want the light, just run to the door where you can."
"In the hour, Hazlewood Brown’s voice gets quiet and quiet."
He stops talking about what’s going to happen and he leads me to say what’s going to happen.
"I know I didn’t feel like I was living in Africa, so I did that because my parents kept me in the door, never let me go," she said to the crowd. "
"Moses was the first person in the office (Douglas).
The first one broke down and he had to go back and pick up another one.
And Adamie and Evie were the first carvings of Abbott. "
"Hewitt-Brown became famous, in particular, for laughing at meetings where attendees would laugh."
"His grandson was approached for breathing at the age of two, he laughed for 12 minutes and didn’t quit, Howard Brown said."
Hewitt-Brown has repeatedly complained to other Evangelicals about their pride in the world.
It’s called the Tamapta Mandate, which makes religious behaviour worse.
"Arreak, a Iqaluit Evangelical and singer-songwriter who assisted in this incident, used to laugh at members of the family when he was ordained."
"This is not a funeral, why are people saddened?"
Hewitt-Brown said.
Mr. Arreak is laughing.
"We’re serving Jesus and he’s alive."
Mr. Arreak has a quiet laugh.
"I like the attorney general," said Arreak, whose bedroom is more loud. "
Hewitt-Brown has a laugh with other people and they’re just laughing.
"We’re very happy.
"Please be happy to be able to get in the water, from the reservoirs to the limit."
Mr. Arreak’s bedroom suddenly fell off the roof of the house.
"This is real.
No one will be arrested this evening. "
"Mr. Arreak, the Nunatsiaq News reporter tells the media that he doesn’t want to say anything, he’s laughing."
"Howard Brown-Brown also spoke in unclear language, saying the word was understood in the Indigenous language by Barbara Nielsen’s missionary."
"Mam-N-R-Ida.
"Ran-Bombardier," he said. "
Rodney Howard Brown invites guests to the church’s walls to get a light bulb.
Some of them don’t have glasses.
But many of Hezbollah’s Brown-Brown’s rhetoric is unpleasant and unpleasant.
They suddenly broke down in tears before he was ordained.
"Before he touched down on the unmarked attendees, Hazlewood Brown complained to two people before they left."
"Where are you going with Brady?
H.
Hi!
Are you leaving? "
Hewitt-Brown says one man has no voice when he leaves the church.
"After they came in, they took a picture and got out of the phone?"
You’re a reporter for daily newspapers here? "
Attendees laughed.
"I don’t know how I would regret it if I grabbed him and returned... to find out who he was and why he was taking photographs and why he was leaving," said one of his staff. "
"I asked them to go to your desk after the game, Hazlewood Brown suddenly grabbed two women in the chairs because they didn’t like their next look."
"Have you been alive again?
"What are you, Joseph Whitney?"
Attendees are laughing.
"I’ve never seen people sitting in the boundary that can’t change.
"So you can scratch through others, or maybe you’re better than others."
The two women stood up and went out.
"I’m just trying to ask a question.
"As I do, it’s my duty."
I know what the Inuit body is like.
Don’t do anything for me.
It’s not funny.
The entire Arctic right now is connected to the event tonight. "
Action staff are calling on attendees to avoid taking photographs and recording them.
"However, they took photographs of the whole process."
When the Habitat for Humanity Brown touches them and the photographs are very close to them.
"Photographs of the Riverside church on Instagram show a large number of attendees at the scene – their faces injured in the scene, on the ice, their mountains, or on the floor."
Lady Haber-Brown’s hand is crying on the floor below the table.
"In front of him, Howard Brown-Brown and his staff are going to have an impact on the couple."
This event was directed to St. Jude.
"This event was originally intended to be held at St. Jude’s Anglican Cathedral in Iqaluit, but it was changed."
"That change was switched from guests to Hewitt-Brown, Secretary of State Joamie said."
"David Parsons, the Anglican Bishop of the Arctic, said he did not know that Howard Browne would be the goalie of St. Jude."
"If he knew it, he said he would have stopped it because Hayward Brown seemed to be too much."
"As a result, the community of Anglican did not comply with the requirement to receive permission from the Bishop, Parsons said."
"The Anglican Cathedral works with a familiar sense of sensitivity, and works with other prayers, Parsons said."
"But there’s confidence in each other, and it doesn’t work out that it wouldn’t be appropriate for religious and religious people to go there."
It appears that the Habitat for Human-Brown program is a separate program.
"I am not here to pursue religious aspirations.
"If religion was a northerner, it would have taken place in the Arctic," he said to attendees. "
"I don’t get an invitation.
"Due to need... If you have a good light, you have to be welcomed."
"In absence of attendance, Canada launches a new Arctic policy document"
Liberal Democrats say this new policy reflects a "huge shift in direction"
"Many farmers grew up in Cape Dorset, Nunavut."
"With the federal government tomorrow to announce the nomination, the Liberal government released a long-awaited Arctic policy framework."
 (File photo) 
By Jim Bell
"Just a day before the national election campaign began, the Liberal government, with little attendance, launched a long-awaited northern and northern policy framework on September 10."
"This document, which reveals the first phase of the continuation of the event, will replace former Conservative Prime Minister Stephen Harper’s 2009 Northern Strategy and Harper’s government’s 2010 Statement on Canada’s Arctic Foreign Policy."
This is intended to guide the federal government’s policy in the Arctic by 2030 but there are no implementation plans or political direction for future actions.
"These will take place in a second phase, the strategy says."
"Despite all this, this is a start from Carolyn Bennett, the minister of Crown-Indigenous Relations and Northern Affairs, who said this policy document reflects a" significant shift in direction to the federal government. "
The introduction of this policy has been delayed as expected.
"This winter, Bennett announced that the policy would be released in June."
CBC News reported earlier this month that a news conference in Yellowknife was cancelled in August.
"The Liberal Democratic Party has eight" goals, "including a proposal, and 10 (10) " principles. "
"They discuss a wide range of policy issues, including community and regional economic development, infrastructure, Indigenous rights, environmental protection, national security and foreign policy."
"When Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, on December 20, 2016, when he announced his government’s intention to create a new policy, he insisted that a" co-ordination "would be done with northern governments and Indigenous organizations."
"As a result, more than 25 Indigenous groups, including the Government of Nunavut, the Northwest Territories, the Yukon, Manitoba, Quebec and Newfoundland and Labrador, joined the creation."
"In collaboration with Canada’s Arctic and Arctic policy framework, our partners helped us understand and raise awareness of the unprecedented challenges and challenges facing diverse regions, responsibilities and land rights across the Arctic," Bennett said in a news release. "
"And some of the partners wrote their findings, which were posted in a separate policy document."
Some comments do not mention federal policy
"For example, Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami, the Government of Nunavut, the Government of the Northwest Territories and the three territorial governments have shared their own personal words."
But there’s something happening.
These articles submitted by stakeholders may not be able to represent the federal government’s policy.
This is a sign that the federal government may face a conflict of interest that would approve more than 31 partners.
"While the transcripts are part of the process, they are not entirely clear on the views of the federal government or any other party," the action document said. "
The document also states that the approval process was difficult.
"Attitudes, aspirations and goals and aspirations are at the table with many thoughts and opinions."
This means that there are agreements between the federal government and the aboriginal people involved in the process of getting approval. "
You can find a link to Arctic policy in this article.
8 goals
"Here are eight goals in the strategy, reflecting the federal government’s commitment."
"Strong, reliable, diverse and sustainable communities and regional economies."
• Canada’s Arctic and northern Indigenous peoples must remain vigilant and healthy.
• Canada’s Arctic and northern Inuit are safe and secure.
• A stronger institution where diversity in Canada can be restructured.
• The legislation relies on the Arctic as an effective tool for innovative approaches and opportunities.
• Knowledge and understanding strategies for decision-making.
• Canada’s Arctic and Arctic livelihoods are healthy and sustainable.
• Strength is helping to maintain and build confidence among Indigenous and non-Indigenous people.
The objective starts with a variety of "projects" that have been redefined.
Ten principles
"In order to fulfill these objectives and objectives, the policy document outlines the principles under which, which are designed to" continue to guide the implementation of the mandate ":
"The decisions about the Arctic will be made in collaboration and involvement with the circumpolar region, while the rights exist, needs and interests of the Arctic."
"The rights and positions of federal, provincial, provincial and territorial governments will be respected."
"The development must be used and believed, socially, culturally, economically and environmentally."
"The merging of Indigenous peoples continues, using the work of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission as a starting point, would succeed."
"As climate change plays a critical role in this land, action will be taken on a wide range of stakeholders, including the impact on Indigenous peoples, who continue to rely on land and wildlife for their cultural, economic and food security."
"The policy and delivery will symbolize inequality and equality, and enforce resources such as the German / Basic Anti-Semitism Polytechnique (Getty Images) that will be used to measure the potential impacts of diverse populations."
"The purpose of this exercise is to consider a wide range of foundational initiatives such as rights, aspirations and circumstances for Inuit, Arctic Indigenous and Indigenous Indigenous peoples and Indigenous people to be respected, defined and implemented."
"The Government of Canada recognizes Inuit, Indigenous and Indigenous Indigenous peoples of Canada, in the form of diverse, empowering communities, with their own experiences, including the federal government."
"• Work to work together based on the right, respectful, collaborative approach that reflects the needs, priorities and circumstances of each person."
"All organizations, from the private sector to universities and colleges, such as non-profit organizations, community organizations and individuals across Canada, have a vital role to play in building a stronger Canadian Arctic."
A Nunavut Conservative candidate accuses the carbon tax of rising the cost of "everything"
Leona Aglukkaq talks about her campaign strategy for Nunavut
"Leona Aglukkaq, a Nunavut Conservative candidate, shows the Kazakhstan President Andrew Scheer grew up in Iqaluit at the Sivia Grinnell Park when he visited the city on June 19."
 (Photo by Emma Tranter) 
By Emma Tanter
"The Nunavut Conservative candidate says that if the Conservative Party were to become a government, it would eliminate the carbon tax because it" increases the cost of everything. "
Leona Aglukkaq began her campaign in the Nunavut communities.
The Nunavut legislature began its campaign in Iqaluit at an event held Sept. 12 at the Frobisher Hotel.
He later flew to Rankin Inlet the next day before returning to Iqaluit next week.
Nunatsiaq News was able to talk to Ms. Aglukkaq when she was in Iqaluit.
"The carbon tax" raises the cost of flying, buying, shipping, hunting and homeownership, "says Ms. Aglukkaq’s campaign poster."
Ms. Aglukkaq also told Nunatsiaq News that the tax credit has a negative impact on daycares and elders "homes on the increase in heating fuel.
"All products are affected by this dust tax."
Ms. Aglukkaq said.
"The carbon tax that we can’t afford to pay is like a computer that can’t get into a house."
"But George Hickes, Nunavut’s finance minister, announced in May that through an agreement in Ottawa, lighting and aviation fuel in Nunavut has belonged to this tax exemption."
The Government of Nunavut and its subsidiaries pay half of the carbon tax to Nunavummiut.
"Ms. Aglukkaq’s campaigns for Nunavut have four priorities: Affordability, housing, mental health and employment."
"How can the government and the private sector and the Government of Nunavut work together to address this massive housing crisis across the Arctic?"
"The housing minister’s campaign’s priority is to create a strategy that includes housing needs, elders" housing and disabled housing. "
"The federal and territorial governments must also take into account the increased incentives for self-reliance, he said."
Ms. Aglukkaq also pointed to Arctic infrastructure and mental health training for Nunavummiut.
"Nunavut is a vast territory with good coastal waters in Canada and we are still left behind by the need to invest in marine infrastructure in our communities, so we have to think about big strategies like this in the Arctic," he said. "
"We must address the need for housing, train Nunavummiut to provide mental health services to our communities."
"When asked if he would convince the federal government about the Nutrition North Canada Program, Ms. Aglukkaq said the carbon tax has increased the cost of food through the increase in freight rates."
"When asked if he thinks that the business is on the road, and if not, what he would do other than the carbon tax, he said he would consult with the Arctic Council."
"He said that if the Kazakhstan government became a government, that council would always exist."
"It is important that there are people in the Arctic who can tell the government how to improve the program.
This is a terrible project.
Everything is not very good in the world.
But there has to be a subsidy for Arctic food. "
"Ms. Aglukkaq was reluctant to specify what to say about the Nutrition North Canada Program, but said there should be a subsidy for food and the" removal "would not help."
"Recently, a study published in the National Institute of Health published in the Journal of the National Institute of Health found that food intake is far more difficult in Nunavut than in the Arctic through nutrition, according to a study published in the Canadian Community Health Research Institute."
"Ms. Aglukkaq said her experience as the Minister of Environment would contribute to climate change and reduce greenhouse gas emissions, but she did not say exactly how she would deal with it."
He said he would support the Kivalliq Internet (Hydro Link) and the Great Bay Road and the Kitikmeot port.
"Will we be able to stop using fuel in the near future?
"No," she said. "
"When Conservative leader Andrew Scheer came to Iqaluit last June, he insisted Nunavut should create a recycling program, saying it was" impossible "under the current Liberal government."
Ms. Aglukkaq said she believes the policy has already been put in place to talk to people about recycling and it’s not clear if it’s going to be put in place at this time.
"The Nunavut Land Claims Agreement provides information on how business must be done in the Arctic. The land claims agreement, in my view, is the most important environmental plan."
"It protects our land, protects our waters, protects our wildlife."
"It is already designed to meet the needs of how projects should be done.
And it has become a political issue and we have to be proud of it.
"And the decisions about the Arctic must come from the Inuit of the Arctic, not from Ottawa."
"Ms. Aglukkaq left the headquarters and went to Pond Inlet and Arctic Bay on September 19, her office said."
"He is also planning to travel to Pangnirtung, Qikiqtarjuaq and Clyde River before travelling to the Kivalliq and Kitikmeot regions."
MLAs will seek a new Nunavut language commissioner
Helen Colberg resigns from her job in health care
"Nunavut MLAs will soon seek a new Nunavut language commissioner, after Helen Klengenberg resigns from her position."
Mr. Klengenberg served as Languages Commissioner since 2017.
By Nunatsiaq News
"Nunavut MLAs will soon seek a new Languages Commissioner, following the resignation of Helen Klengenberg in this position."
"California, who has served as the Languages Commissioner of Nunavut since June 2017, resigned in the wake of the recent outbreak of health care."
"This is the Languages Commissioner’s duty to the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut and she is required to report to Caucus, which is now the Legislative Assembly’s replacement."
"That would be done through the Management and Services Board, which is the committee of MLAs responsible for the legislative assembly’s operations," spokesman Simeon Mikkungwak said in a brief statement on September 17. "
"I don’t think the Management and Services Board will start the process of hiring that person in the near future and we will make an announcement if we need to do that with a temporary replacement," Mikkungwak said. "
"The Languages Commissioner’s job, as outlined in the Official Languages Act, is to provide language rights oversight in Nunavut."
"Klengenberg was appointed in 2017 after a long search for almost a year, following the sudden resignation of Sandra Inutiq in June 2016."
Inutiq resigned from his position a month after he submitted a report on the Qikiqtani General Hospital that the hospital does not have a language policy and does not provide services to Inuktitut and French speakers.
He also said that the Deputy Minister of Health had applied for a year’s documentation.
"Subsequently, MLAs put out an advertisement for the position three times before appointing Columbia."
"In 2017, the Languages Commissioner’s position received a minimum wage of $119,000 to $170,000 a year, with a northern allowance of $15,016 a year, 25 days a year in pay and other benefits."
Canadian Inuit Association Increases Strategy on Inuit Nunangat
"Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami’s campaign priorities include reducing inequality, building infrastructure, Inuit self-determination"
The Canadian Inuit Association wants a broader investment strategy for Inuit Nunangat "to balance the development of a national railway or railway network in the eastern part of Canada."
The Canadian Inuit Association reportedly announced to anyone who will become federal administrators: Launching a massive national link to Inuit Nunangat "to balance the development of a national railway or railway link with the eastern part of Canada."
"In support of this, Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami has produced nine topics that prioritize candidates" interests during the current federal election campaign. "
"Inuit Nunangat is probably not an industry in Canada.
"Inuit are using inequality compared to other Canadians, as well as other Canadians living in Inuit Nunangat," the Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami newspaper said. "
"In addition to this, Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami also revealed their desire for the next federal government in the 2020 budget, which will likely be released in February or March."
This infrastructure contribution calls for the next Government of Canada to continue to implement Inuit Nunangat policies for Inuit-specific benefits.
"Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami is calling on all regional politicians to work towards implementing an Inuit Nunangat policy across the political spectrum, to ensure that Inuit have access to and benefit from policies, programs and initiatives that are intended to support our people," ITK President Natan Obed said in a news release. "
All two documents contain the following demands:
• Continue to connect all 51 Inuit Nunangat communities with the use of Poppy Application Information System before the end of 2031.
• Dissolve technical problems in Inuit Nunangat until 2030.
• To end the housing delays in all four Inuit Nunangat communities within two years.
• Create more addictions treatment facilities.
• Create family violence shelters and temporary housing.
• Increase money for people with mental illness and suicide prevention.
Nine of the identified Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami’s official languages priorities are as follows:
Item 1.
Work on social activities and suicide prevention.
Item 2.
Deal with housing so that all waitlists can be housed in Inuit Nunangat for two years after being elected.
Item 3.
"Work on energy and climate change, to prevent Canadians from entering the Gulf of Boothia by 2050."
Item 4.
Work to strengthen Inuit-Crown Partnership.
Item 5.
"Work to build industrial and economic independence, starting with the creation of an Arctic infrastructure fund, will be available in all four Inuit communities, starting with a contribution of $1 billion."
Item 6.
Work to make the education system more equitable for Inuit and non-Inuit.
Item 7.
"Implement a statutory submission to the National Inquiry into Missing and Murdered Indigenous Women, including 46 Inuit-specific legal obligations."
Item 8.
Deal with food insecurity and food insecurity.
Item 9.
Work to advance Inuit self-determination in science.
"Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami has a culture of no regional responsibility, and none of its members have supported it."
"In its latest CBC national survey, from Sept. 20, the Liberal Democrats of Canada and the Conservative Party of Canada were balanced."
"This electoral survey, which compiles all of the public surveys compiled, is the current Conservative Party’s 34.7 per cent support, the Liberal Democrats are at 34.1 per cent, the New Democratic Party is 13.5 per cent, and the Green Party is at 9.6 per cent, the Brexit Party is at 2.4 per cent."
The election analysis and the fact that the Liberal Democrats have more time than the majority of the seats.
"A federal election will be held on Monday, Oct. 21."
Nunavut has a new polar bear management plan: Nunavut Wildlife Management Board (NWMB) 
"We’re going to do what we can to make sure that this is done before the polar bear season"
"Nunavut’s new polar bear management plan sets out a balance between male and female polar bears in all of Nunavut’s polar bear populations, said the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board."
 (Photo by Jane George) 
By Jane George
Cambridge Bay – The Government of Nunavut agrees to a new polar bear management plan.
This was reported by the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board members at the Kitikmeot Wildlife Board meeting in Cambridge Bay last week.
"The introduction of the new polar bear management plan is a combination of male and female polar bears in Nunavut, the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board’s chairman, Dan Shewchuk, told delegates."
"The meeting in Cambridge Bay is the first of three regional NWMB meetings between him and Jason Akeeagok, the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board’s executive director, to attend."
Akeeagok said the polar bear management plan was "very active."
"We’re going to do what we can to make sure that this does not happen before the polar bear hunt," he said. "
"This plan has been under consideration for nearly five years, which was announced in a plan to develop this last March in Iqaluit at the Nunavut Wildlife Management Board meeting."
The plan will be in place by 2029.
This female polar bear fell into the ocean near Arctic Bay when the four floors were watching.
"Under the new polar bear management plan, the threat of polar bear moratorium in three communities would lead to a loss of voice."
 (Photo courtesy of Niore Iqalukjuak) 
"In all the circumpolar countries in the 19th century the polar bear population, 12 are more in Nunavut."
Polar bear quotas have been set by region (e.g. male polar bear) between the polar bears – and the moratorium on polar bear protection are included in the year-round polar bear quotas set by the communities.
"Although the new plan will not increase the total allowable harvest at this time, a new combination of the total allowable harvest may take into account the new collection."
"As per our previous plan, Nunavut communities were allowed to harvest at least one female polar bear with a total allowable harvest of two male polar bears per year through local polar bear tags."
"This was done only in the Davis Strait area for polar bears, where there is a balance between female and female polar bears, and under this new plan, it doesn’t matter whether the polar bear population in Nunavut is male or female but they have to be balanced."
The next name on the list would be half a tags.
This new combination of male / female polar bear quotas could be achieved if necessary.
"The increasing number of polar bears in the communities has been a concern in Nunavut after the death of two polar bears in the Kivalliq region last year – however, under the current management plan, protecting the killing of a polar bear which is female, it will result in two tags."
That’s why some communities don’t have tags to protect the polar bears.
"This new plan could prevent communities from importing polar bears, Susan told Nunatsiaq News."
"But he previously said that the polar bears that go to the destination are shocked by Inuit culture and lifestyle, because they destroy cabins, birds and seals."
Attendees at the meeting in Cambridge Bay welcomed the changes to the polar bear management plan.
They were also pleased that the dogs will soon have five more tags for grizzly bears.
There was a massive gunshot that was shot and that was too close to the cabins here in Mount Palluq.
"On the other hand, on the new polar bear management plan they may have a different perspective."
"Polar bears" futures are unclear because of climate change, according to a 2018 study by the Standing Committee on the COSEWIC. This committee, the type of species that may disappear in Canada (COSEWIC), further examined polar bears as a "major concern."
It means that polar bears are at risk or at risk of disappearing as a result of a combination of livestock and specified threats.
Nunavut Standing Committee extends the deadline for submission to Bill 25
Consideration in Committee of the Whole of Bills and Other Matters
"John Main, the chair of the Standing Committee on Legislation, said the committee would extend the public interest in Bill 25 and that the Standing Committee would review the Bill."
By Emma Tranter
"The Nunavut legislature’s Standing Committee on Legislation will continue to receive comments from the public on Bill 25, An Act to Amend the Education Act and the Inuit Language Protection Act, as of Oct. 11."
They were the last to receive comments on September 13.
"My colleagues and I would like to thank Nunavummiut for their thoughts on this important piece of legislation," Committee Chairman John Main said on Thursday, September 26 in a news release. "
Anyone was invited to submit a document to the standing committee on Bill 25 when it was tabled in the legislature in the spring of June.
The second reading was passed and referred to the standing committee for review.
"The Standing Committee met in mid-September to review the Bill, as well as the submissions made to the public."
The standing committee also announced that it would extend its scrutiny of Bill 25 for the fall sitting to allow the broadcast to be televised for two weeks at the end of November.
"The Minister of Education and the witnesses will be appearing before the standing committee during the inquiry, which will allow Nunavummiut to observe our proceedings," Main said in a statement. "
"Bill 25 is intended to come into force, for 20 years (20), as an Inuktut instruction in schools from kindergarten to grade 12."
"At the same time, the legislation would create the Inuit Language Protection Act as part of the Education Act, and extend the deadline for the implementation of bilingual education in the Grade 4 to 12 organized activities that expire on July 1, 2039."
"Detailed observations and actions of the committee’s inquiry will be made available in the near future, the release said."
"Parliament will reconvene this fall on Thursday, Oct. 17."
"Comments will be received until 5:00 p.m. on Friday, Oct. 11."
All submissions will be made public during the presentation of the House during the fall sitting.
Text messages can be directed to the following:
"John Main, MLA"
"Chair, Standing Committee on Legislation"
Nunavut legislature
Box 1200
"Iqaluit, Nunavut"
X0A 0H0
Contact: (867) 975-5000
Fax: (867) 975-5191
Online: Appendices @ assembly.nu.ca
Inuktut 142-foot – Developments and Progress
Our contribution today to our children and future generations
The Roman orthography is a syllabic writing system for all Inuit languages across Canada.
The Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami has stated that it will not replace the syllabics and the Inuit Nunangat region’s traditional syllabics and so on.
Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami has also said that Inuit traditional writing systems will not have to change.
By Methuselah (interpretation): Thank you, Mr. Speaker.
"I was honoured to hear that the Joint Task Force of Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami unanimously approved the new Inuktut symbol, named after the Inuktut Roman orthography of the 142nd anniversary of this video."
The Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami means the "unity of Canada’s ordinary people" and there are few good examples of the younger generations of our people who have worked together for a long time to survive and our culture and language.
That is something that I am interested in at this point in time.
"In June of 2011 when I was the President of Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami, we had an opportunity to demonstrate our commitment to modernizing our education system."
"We launched a nationwide effort to ensure that single-handedly 140-century education in 10 innovative and innovative ways in which we create a collective vision for our children to have the skills they need in their education, our 140s and our language."
Our 143 recommendations included the establishment of a standardized public registration system.
Single-handedly 140 Canadians have for decades achieved this goal and achieved the goal of a new era.
The Innuinaqtut 140kg Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit in every community in the Inuit Nunangat held the Inuktut Roman orthography.
This means that we will have one writing system in place for all people to learn their language effectively.
The use of this new system will continue to grow faster.
"The Gaga Innuinaqtut 140s will not replace and will not replace community historical records, as it is a tool to participate in the Taiguusiliuqtiit System as an enhancement to the Innuinaqtut 140s communications network."
Our contribution today is to our children and the next generation.
I can now imagine that a single group of 140 Canadians will be able to communicate with each other and share the paintings with each other so that they can use the writing system and provide a good education system to worry about the 140s and our children from the high school to be able to use the language of instruction.
"We face global developments in the face of humanitarian and non-Inuit traditions that have led to the deterioration of our way of life, our families, our culture, and our language."
But today we are here.
Over the past few years we have had to review our experiences to find out who we are today and what we are today at 144 / 143.
I believe that we are now in a situation where we are going to have to look back at the 14th century or are we going to be able to look at the future.
The use of Inuktut at 142 feet in Canada’s public life makes me understand that we want to move forward as a unified society.
"In the 144th century when we started developing a national campaign for Inuit education, we were able to deliver the word" 143 in Inuktut "to mean every single citizen’s language, regardless of where they came from."
To me that gives me the opportunity to see the single population of 140 per cent of the population, and then we can get to the point where we are able to do all of the things that are not true in terms of the barriers.
"Our language and identity is preserved, our language is healthy."
I am hopeful that we will be able to use Inuktut as a whole in terms of language and writing and moving forward with the 144km / h partnership that we are trying to do with the land claims that we are trying to do as a society.
"Mayor Simon was the former president of Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami in 2011 when they unveiled the national goal of Inuit education, which included a recommendation to create a single writing system for the Inuit language."
Viens commission apologises to Quebec premier
"Many of the rules, policies, practices or institutions that are used to treat inequality and inequality are precedent"
"Quebec Premier François Ligt has apologised to the Indigenous and Inuit of Quebec on Oct. 2, after information was provided on the basis of the unique obligations of the public service."
 (Screen) 
"In this way, the Quebec government has failed to fulfill its obligations to Indigenous peoples, Liu said."
"Leigh apologized – the first of 142 recommendations in the report – at the national Indigenous conference on Wednesday, Oct. 2, two days after the trial of former Supreme Court Justice Jack Vince, the commissioner’s executive director of the commission’s report."
"It’s not enough to justify it, Leigh said."
He said he would look at all the recommendations and see exactly why there are differences.
"Many of the rules, policies, practices or institutions that are used to treat inequality and inequality have quickly resulted in inadequate services for Indigenous peoples and Inuit," Vindman said in a September 30 report released. "
"Their inquiry focused on the role of Indigenous people in policing, justice systems, corrections, health and social services, and youth protection services."
Lucy Grey was an Inuk spokesperson for the Viens commission.
"Here, in November 2018 he gave an inquiry."
 (Photo by Sarah Rogers) 
"The Katimajiit AGM released a report stating the importance of the recommendations and the recommendations, to improve relationships between Indigenous people and the Quebec government."
"In particular, the Kativik Community Government strongly urged the government to take this decision through a video conference to allow offenders to go to trial in small communities, where the Katimajiit government has consulted with the Quebec government."
"The Katimajiit is committed to working closely with all levels of government and other regional organizations on the implementation of the commission’s recommendations in its entirety," said Kativik Community Chairman Jennifer Mearns in a news release. "
Nunavik’s Department of Health and Social Services also responded to the report by saying the committee’s ongoing concerns were raised by the commission about health and social services and youth protection services.
The need for resources and management of health and social services was also raised by members during the study.
"We look forward to the Quebec government providing a report on the recommendations, as well as the way they work together in terms of their structure and use," said executive director Minnie Green in a Oct. 2 news release. "
Members also appreciated the commission of the Quebec Ambassador to Quebec.
Makivik Superintendent Charlie Watt also spoke during a survey on Nunavik’s activities and said on Oct. 1 a news release that Inuit were able to speak about the research.
"On a number of occasions, my fellow residents spoke to the commission about their experiences in the areas of health, justice, social services, youth protection, historical problems and other areas of Quebec’s public service," Watt said. "
"Although he said the report will respond," in accordance with the first recommendation – that Quebec apologise to Inuit and Indigenous people for discriminating against the public service they provide to our people – we feel that we are being heard. "
Three political parties promise to end Nunavut’s diesel fuel deficit by 2030
"This is a lot of work"
Students walk four foxes from Iqaluit on Sept. 27 to participate in a global climate change protest.
Three political candidates for the federal government said they intend to ban Nunavut’s diesel fuel consumption by 2030.
 (Photo courtesy of Dustin Bauer) 
By Dustin Bauer
"During this federal election, three political parties said Nunavut’s use of diesel fuel will be halted by 2030."
"Currently all 25 communities in Nunavut have electricity generated by diesel generators operated by the Qulliq Energy Corporation, the only electricity provider in Canada that does not have any renewable energy sources in their communities."
Changing that would be a huge and costly project.
"This is a tremendous effort," said Martha Leno, Arctic recycling specialist for the World Wildlife Fund. "
"It’s probably possible, just a little bit."
The Green Party’s campaign promises to "implement a renewable energy system.
"By 2030, all Canadian electricity will go through the recycling process."
This includes outpost camps in the Arctic communities that are banned from using diesel fuel for electricity. "
"The Liberal Party has said it will" move forward financially to ensure that the Inuit communities of Tel Aviv are banned from fossil fuels but will have the power to use clean, renewable energy sources – such as wind, wind and solar power – by 2030. "
The New Democratic Party (NDP) said it would "target Canada’s ability to generate greenhouse gas emissions from non-carbon dioxide by 2030... This reduction in carbon dioxide emissions will lead to community emissions and job creation.
"We would contribute to initiatives such as community-owned and managed clean energy projects to provide employment for residents and the skilled, and to work with Indigenous and Arctic communities to eliminate the use of diesel fuel."
"According to the Environment and Climate Change Canada report released earlier this year, greenhouse gas emissions in Nunavut are less than 1 per cent of this effect."
"In 2017, Nunavut produced a total of 0.6 megawatts of greenhouse gases (carbon dioxide), equivalent to 18,000 tonnes of carbon dioxide."
"That year, Aberdeen, which is the country’s most carbon footprint, produced about 84 million hectares of carbon dioxide."
"Despite this, Nunavut has seen carbon dioxide emissions rise by more than 30 per cent since 2005, with the largest increase in Canada and Alberta almost doubling, which is the second highest increase in the same period."
"Despite the energy changes that the three MPs are trying to make to reduce the greenhouse gas emissions, the impact on Canada’s greenhouse gas emissions will still be very small."
That is what the community is getting.
"Nunavummiut pay the largest electricity rate in all other parts of the country, and funding for energy would reduce that."
"However, action on renewable energy projects such as this may be inconsistent with the expenditure of existing utilities."
"Last month, the World Wildlife Organization released a report outlining how renewable energy could generate electricity in each of the 25 communities in Nunavut."
"They found that a reduction of 8 per cent – primarily due to the risk of a project or other sources of funding – in Baker Lake, Coral Harbour, Iqaluit and Rankin Inlet would save up to 20 per cent on renewable energy, including an automatic payment of about 15 years."
The survey also identified 16 other communities with a 4 per cent subsidy – roughly the Qulliq Energy Corporation’s potential loan limit – and roughly $2 million in benefits and a 20 per cent net transfer.
"But the report only refers to how capable these projects are, suggesting that transferring a renewable energy source would be cheaper than the current power rates."
But transferring local talent into renewable energy would be a great deal of work.
"There would have to be consultations, and they would have to start next year in order to meet the energy needs of all the communities," said Leno. "
"They would have to go to the communities, work with them on what they want to do, and how the communities envision energy, to find out what their priorities are and the communities that are most important to the outfitters and wildlife."
"This does not include the creation of a collection of materials for solar or wind, which would take two years to collect, or work for the Qulliq Energy Corporation to ensure that renewable energy is connected to its resources."
"Transferring 100 per cent of all communities from renewable energy to renewable energy, which the three parties claim to be politically responsible, would not only be a waste of time but also a significant amount of money."
"The New Democratic Party (NDP) and the Liberal Democrats have not yet announced how much they would contribute to the transfer, the Green Party (Green Party) said last week."
"As part of the campaign’s expenditure report, the Green Party said it would contribute $150 million over five years to the relocation of all outpost camps and northern communities – not just in Nunavut – to reduce fuel consumption."
It’s not acceptable.
"Lennie explained that if communities like Arctic Bay were to relocate at least 60 percent of their electricity, they would have to spend about $27.8 million."
"According to the same report, for other communities that will try to use 60 per cent of renewable energy, they will have to use it at a higher level."
"In Iqaluit, it is estimated that it would cost about $148 million."
"Although it is clear that it is less than the $250-500 million that would have been spent on energy than previously thought in the city, this would apply to one community that the Green Party wants to contribute."
"Lynch doesn’t expect the federal government to pay for all of these projects, but they also said the task force and how it would work and it would be difficult to do so."
"Given the 2030 deadline, there won’t be much time."
"In terms of solar energy, I think it could take two to five years."
"In terms of wind energy, I think it would take five to seven years," said Lennon when asked how much energy they would do. "
"In comparison to these deadlines, broken down by 25 communities and at the same time, if they’re going to be dealt with in remote communities and the land is not always available, Lionel thinks how it’s going to be done.
"I think for those who want to get there, that’s going to be a big change."
"Even if we don’t get 100 percent, then there’s a lot of interest."
"Note: This article refers to the federal election campaigns of the Green Party, the Liberal Party and the New Democratic Party (NDP)."
"In the development of this book, the Conservative Party has not yet announced its candidacy, so they are not included in this report."
Subject: Internal Early Childhood and Daycare Issues
We must recognize that the value of early childhood education and childcare workers in Nunavut is vital to our employees.
"Lakuluk Wilson Patrick, the chair of the Footprints Daycare Board, is seeking more support from the Government of Nunavut for quality early childhood education and child care based on Inuit language and culture."
By Nunatsiaq News
Letter to Nunavut Premier Joe Savikataaq and Minister of Education, David Joanasie.
I am one of the people who are craving our language and culture who are very sensitive.
"As the Chair of the Board of Directors of the Football Studies Centre, Inuktut is the only school for children with early childhood education in Iqaluit and is the only one in Iqaluit where we have a facility in Nunavut that provides daycare services for children who already speak Inuktitut."
"The Footprints Space Centre was closed on August 21, 2019 due to a shortage of staff and again, it has been in operation for almost a year."
"There are very few people applying for jobs at the Footprints Shelter because of the low pay (in Iqaluit, the highest cost of childcare), employees who don’t have any benefits, they don’t have housing because they’re being looked at like a lady’s job at the daycare is being looked at."
"The daycare is now open again, but the urgency of the operation is stressful: We lost a very good employee and he resigned."
"We now have a part-time office worker, full-time child care coordinator, two child care workers and each parent who work at the daycare (to ensure that all of them are probable and safe), full-time staff, while we are looking for a full-time, qualified child care worker."
"This process is not normal, but for those of us who have children, we believe that our children should be safe and able to speak in Inuktitut so that the question can be opened."
There is still a risk that the door will remain closed.
"Nunavut’s daycares" operations currently under the non-profit category. Childcare workers are expected to one of the most important areas for a child relating to providing quality early childhood education, based on Inuit culture and language, despite the low cost and lack of support. "
The not-for-profit organization relies on a number of factors, such as shortfalls in annual funding, as well as the number of parents who volunteer to manage the daycare at the Early Childhood Education Centre.
"Childcare workers tend to live in poverty due to lack of pay and benefits, without adequate training for their jobs and housing for staff."
Childcare workers are now being asked to work in the aftermath of their needs for self-reliance or family maintenance.
There is a lot of stress in our daycares because of the need for specialized staff to have the skills to promote and preserve the Inuit language and culture in the age of our children; the Footprints only hire Inuktitut speakers.
We have 100 percent Inuit employment.
However, due to the turnover of our staff, we have been struggling with staff shortages due to the lack of competitive pay and benefits for our employees.
"Therefore, it affects early childhood and early childhood education."
Inuit deserve the full support and value of our language and culture so that they can be taught to our children.
The Government of Nunavut must consider ways to better support early childhood education and ensure that the daycare is based on Inuit language and culture.
"Effective early childhood education and child care workers are paid to compete with the public and receive benefits, including housing for their job, vacation, training in the workplace and in the school."
The Footprints dream of expanding the daycare into the public domain and increasing the resources to accommodate more Inuit children.
"We have now been looking for a larger, day-care facility in order to achieve this vision, so we have raised close to $80,000 for a new facility."
It proposes that the following amendments be made to the Government of Nunavut:
"The consolidation of early childhood and childcare staff as part of the Government of Nunavut’s collective bargaining process;
• Include the operations and maintenance of daycares in Nunavut within the education system;
"Provide support to early childhood and childcare workers but not limited to short-term costs including long-term medical leave, VTA, two bilingual bonuses, parental leave and housing"
• establish an organization to support all daycares in Nunavut;
• Work with daycares to address urgent challenges together so that we can develop a long-term plan for the operation of daycares.
We must recognize that the value of early childhood education and childcare workers in Nunavut is vital to our employees.
To ensure that our daycares have adequate staff to fill all of the vacant positions and that all employees receive benefits.
We have to keep our daycares open.
"Changes to the operations of the early childhood education and childcare system will allow Nunavut’s early childhood and childcare workers to gain valuable experience in their careers. This will allow them to take the necessary steps to ensure that early childhood and daycare operations change in the best interests of the lives of children, including the ability to learn Inuktut language, build a strong foundation for Inuit culture, and participate fully in Canada."
"True writer,"
Lakuluk Williamson Patrick
"Mr. Chairman, the Truth and Reconciliation Commission (Iqaluit Inuktut Daycare Society) "
Do you recognize these people in the picture?
"I do know that this photo is a little bit confusing"
"In this article behind the photograph, it was photographed in Kugluktuk, Nunavut – at the time of the English name Coppermine – May 18, 1930."
This article found his grandfather’s belongings at the time of his death because he wanted to know if these people could identify women.
I found this picture of my grandfather’s belongings when he passed away.
"He was named Dr. James Jamieson, and I knew he was a former nurse at the Canadian Rangers (Royal Canadian Air Force) World War II, and he was here for his work in Newfoundland and Goose Bay, Labrador."
"I’m not sure when he got that picture or this article from J.H. (behind the photo), but I knew there were some people in the Arctic who knew him."
"I do know that this photo was taken a long time ago, but there would be recognition... or if they were members of the group that would like to get that picture."
"Respectful,"
Sarah Howard
"North Bay, a former Ontario resident now living in Prince Edward Island"
This word is written on the back of the Inuit women.
Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit
"It’s called the Inuit Cultural Institute so it was like – using the Inuit language"
"NTI President Aluki Kotierk, right, speaks in a speech entitled" Inuktut is a wildlife rights issue "on Thursday, Oct. 3, at the Inuit Cultural Education Conference in Montreal."
"Along with Louis Tapardjuk, a member of the Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit, the Nunavut Language Authority."
Even though there were no interpreters, they kept talking in Inuktitut.
 (Photo courtesy of Lisa Gregory) 
By Lisa Gregory not permanently used by Nunatsiaq News
"At the Montreal Boarding Home there was a lot of silence on Thursday, Oct. 3, when Inuit attended the 21st Inuit Cultural Education Conference to hear the two Inuit leaders talk about why Inuktut is a Nunavut Inuit rights and that authority was rejected."
"NTI President Aluki Kotierk and Louis Tapardjuk, the former Government of Nunavut minister and member of the Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit, the Nunavut Language Authority, attended the event on time and sat in front of the chairs of Inuit."
"Photographers are organizing an exhibition on NTI’s Facebook page, which features videos of a wide range of internet connections for English-speaking speakers, and attendees were mostly Inuinnaqtun speakers."
"Kotierk welcomed the attendees and began speaking in Inuktitut, with those who speak Inuktitut sometimes accepting their heads and applauding."
"But for those who can’t speak Inuktitut, including this writer, they just sat in their eyes."
Some people just walked out.
Some of them are just trying to listen to the telephone system that they’re going to be waiting for in English.
There was no English version.
Welcome to the beautiful community of many people in Nunavut.
"It’s called Inuit culture education so it was like, especially when we were talking about the Inuit language, we wanted to use the Inuit language," Kotierk said at the beginning. "
"Louie and I spoke about this and we know that there will be no interpreters but we felt that it was very important to use our language when we talk about the need to support and promote our language development."
"The United Nations Conference, which brings together Arctic experts from the circumpolar region and the south, in recent years, began to involve more Inuktut speakers and activists, making the conference more responsive to the needs of Inuit and increasing the role of Inuit and non-Inuit educators."
"This Inuktitut symposium, in regards to language rights, seemed to be in the process of developing that."
Kotierk’s testimony highlights the many pieces of legislation that need to be introduced and protected in Inuktut in Nunavut where there are more Inuit and more speakers in Inuktut.
"These laws come from the United Nations (United Nations) on the Constitution of the Rights of Indigenous Peoples (Indigenous Peoples) to the Confederation of Truth and Reconciliation Commission and the National Inquiry into Murdered and Missing Indigenous Women and Girls, and the Nunavut Act."
"Kotierk described many of the recent deaths of Inuit, partly, in the area of language and cultural docks, such as Annie Kootou, who died due to the disease in 2017, and this 15-year-old Elaine Kooneeloosie, who died of tuberculosis in the same year."
"Inuit want a right to life and they have a right to life.
"Canadians should not die due to the lack of access and services in comparison to other Canadians," Kotierk wrote in a statement. "
"In his opening remarks, Mr. Tapardjuk spoke about the recent incident in Iqaluit where officers went to the elders to say that their adopted son had been vaccinated at the youth centre."
This woman is a single woman and does not speak English.
Mr. Tapardjuk said the police had to stop the vehicle and ask for help to inform them of the bad news.
"There are a number of things that could have been done through this story that could have been done in this case. Does the person have an assistant to help them change their lifestyle? They didn’t even have an interpreter," Kotierk told Nunatsiaq News. "
"Many Inuit who speak English and Inuktitut are invited to do so.
"We are thought to be able to interpret at some point, even if we don’t know the people."
Sometimes it’s confidential.
"So, in that way, I can say that it’s a violation of human rights."
"Kotierk said at least that Inuktut speakers in Nunavut should have access to professional services in their language in the areas of health, justice and education."
They’re not even available.
That and other leaders continue to call on the federal government to protect their language and lifestyle in their homes.
Ottawa passed a new Indigenous language legislation in June that criticized NTI and Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami for saying their decisions have been ignored.
"Kotierk told people to know," We are the authorities. "
Let’s speak in Inuktitut when we go to the store.
Let’s speak Inuktitut when we go to the bank.
Let’s speak Inuktitut when we go to school.
"When we start speaking in Inuktut and don’t take into account those who don’t understand, then they will be able to receive a larger portion of the requirement."
Qikiqtani Inuit Association announces compensation for tourism operators for Inuit Nunangat
Expenditure automatically
"Tourism operators who visit the islands of Nunavut will now have to pay tourism bills if they want to access Inuit Nunangat, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association announced at its annual general meeting in Iqaluit on Oct. 8 to 10."
"Commercial tourism operators must pay for their own travel to the Qikiqtani region, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association announced at its annual general meeting in Iqaluit on Wednesday, Oct. 9."
The Qikiqtani region has the largest number of cruise ships in the territory.
"Pond Inlet had 17 passengers on board the cruise ship this summer, with Iqaluit approaching four."
"Inuit in the QIA communities have expressed concern that this is due to the increasing number of tourism activities in our region, especially for passengers on cruise ships."
"The Qikiqtani Inuit Association put in place a tourism management fee to help people in communities affected by cruise ships," B.J. Akeeagok, the QIA president, said in a statement. "
Following a news release from the Qikiqtani Inuit Association on land and recycling, the department announced new expenditures.
The new expenditures are for:
• Flight landing in Inuit Nunangat: $150
• A helicopter landing on Inuit Nunangat: $100
• Commercial mistakes in Inuit Nunangat: $50 a day
• Commercial visitor access within six hours of Inuit Nunangat: $25.00 a day
"A consolidated payment would go to the Hunters and Trappers Organization the closest to the tourism industry available, the release said."
Half of that would go to the Qikiqtani Inuit Association.
"Cruise ships that come to Nunavut are occupied by approximately 150 to 400 people, Roseanne Terror, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association’s director of land and recycling, told the Qikiqtani Inuit Association at the meeting."
This $25 per day fee would apply to all passengers who carry passengers to their own community – or IOL (Inuit Nunangat).
"Regardless of how many people on the vessel are on their own, they would be fined based on the number of people on the ship," Derek told the board. "
Derek said cruise ships carrying passengers to the islands will have to submit to the Qikiqtani Inuit Association the number of passengers per month or before they go boating.
"If the ship carries 350 people, we would charge $25 per day per person."
"So the larger passenger vessels would have to pay anywhere from $10,000 to $20,000 to land on Inuit owned land," Derek said. "
"In many communities where cruise ships are visited during the summer, like Pond Inlet, their HTO would receive about $50,000 to $70,000 in compensation, he added."
New payments will also support the Qikiqtani Inuit Association’s proposed land use database.
"Accordingly, tourism operators will be made aware of new costs when applying for access to Inuit owned lands."
Derek said the QIA set up a fee based on what other organizations pay for tourism.
"For example, Parks Canada pays $25 per person for a national park."
"Hamlets also charge passengers for cruise ships and cruise ship operators who come to their communities," Derek said. "
"Cruise ship passengers who have been able to get into their own communities are fined only if people are actually going to our own communities," he said. "
"Joe Ataguttaaluk, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association secretary / finance secretary, asked if it would be possible to increase these expenditures in the future."
"Derek said it would be possible to change it, but there would have to be a lot of discussion and a decision made by the Qikiqtani Inuit Association."
"This is an exciting action.
"We are once again leading the way that Inuit can get benefits for their communities," Akeeagok told the council. "
"The payments will come into effect immediately, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association said."
Baffinland’s huge passenger truck has become a concern for Pond Inlet residents
"I guess Baffinland thinks that when we don’t know if the Nunavut Impact Review Board or the government is going to approve that project?"
"The loader of the vessel Pierre Bruns (Beverly Hills) is missing from Prime Minister Hewitt, in the summer of last year."
"On the loader you can see two potential construction materials, 33 and 34 metres high, that Baffinland Iron Mines Corp. received from Texas and shipped to the Mary River mine this summer."
Two smaller units are also transported from the front.
"These will be used to expand the railway, which has not yet been approved by regulators."
 (Photo courtesy of Dixon) 
Community leaders in Pond Inlet are frustrated by the massive cruise ship landing parts of Baffinland Iron Mines Corp. "s Mary River iron mine this summer.
"Worryingly, Baffinland wants to expand the railway in its Phase 2 plan, even though it has not yet been approved by authorities, Baffinland has brought in two large ten-plexes that could be built by Prime Minister Hewitt, Romanow, to the company’s dock in North Baffin this summer."
"It also brought in two smaller units that may be built and a large amount of railway that would be used to build, such as roads and land pipes."
"Baffinland, in November 2018, declared to rights groups and partners that the Qikiqtani Inuit Association would be bringing in, in the form of a public petition to the Nunavut Impact Review Board and the Nunavut Water Board."
But the people of Pond Inlet are finding that out.
This cruise ship arrived at Brunswick Port of Baffinland’s port in Mary Qirngnuq last August to transport material that could be used for the expansion of the railway.
When people in Pond Inlet saw a cruise ship near their community, they first heard about the cruise ship that was going to be carrying two more ships to the railway station shortly thereafter and they’re expecting more ships in the summer of 2020.
"We only found out about three or four weeks ago.
"We see a lot of cargo going around Pond Inlet," Joshua Arreak, the executive director of the Pond Inlet Hunters and Trappers Organization told Nunatsiaq News. "
"We used to wonder why and who they were and how they were doing that.
"We have not received any information from the Nunavut Impact Review Board, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association or anyone else."
"We didn’t expect that," Arreak said. "
"We have not received any information from the Qikiqtani Inuit Association or the Nunavut Impact Review Board.
I don’t know.
We have a problem with Inuit organizations.
"They don’t keep us informed," he said. "
NIRB knew about the sea lift this winter
"None of Nunavut’s authorities and any federal minister rejected Baffinland’s expansion plan, which would result in a 110-kilometre railway linking Mary River to Mary River, reintroducing a metal deposit of 12 million tonnes a year, and traveling around 200 kilometres a year."
This project cannot be approved by the federal government until a final public announcement by the NIRB has been made on November 2 in Iqaluit and will conclude on November 8 and 9 in Pond Inlet.
"The Nunavut Impact Review Board, which did not seek comment on this issue with stakeholders, said they would be shipping a railway to Baffinland in a letter sent to Baffinland on July 25."
"The NIRB told the company that if the phase 2 deal is rejected, Baffinland would have to take responsibility for the shipping of assets, which is likely worth hundreds of millions of dollars, from the mine."
They also said that the shipping season will not have an impact on the NIRB’s decision.
"In an email dated Oct. 17, the Nunavut Impact Review Board’s executive director, Ryan Perry, confirmed in a lawsuit that the Nunavut Impact Review Board could accept or reject any vessel activity."
"The Nunavut Impact Review Board was simply able to ensure that these activities were included in the evaluation process and that all properties would have to be moved if the proposal was rejected after the board’s investigation," Barry wrote. "
This is an aerial photograph of Philippine Brunswick, this past summer a vessel carrying potential materials to Mary River that will be used for Baffinland’s railway expansion.
"One of the units, described as a" destruction unit, "is 33 metres high, 23.5 metres high and weighs 1,470 tonnes."
"In another case, it’s referred to as the" pollution centre, "which is 34 metres high."
"So each building, which is part of the existing structural damage and pollution, is equivalent to 10 floors of the building – or perhaps even higher than those built in the eastern Arctic."
But Baffinland has not been authorized to use them yet.
"Baffinland will testify in its July 19 report to the Nunavut Impact Review Board."
Supplies occupied by Inuit Nunangat
"In a joint submission to the authorities, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association and Baffinland wrote that the property would be occupied by Inuit owned land, according to the Qikiqtani Inuit Association’s commercial lease agreement with the company."
"For Mr. Arreak and others, actions like this suggest that Baffinland has already been approved for the project."
"The people of Pond Inlet are not happy.
Baffinland is thinking that we don’t know if the Nunavut Impact Review Board or the government will approve that project.
"I don’t know," he said. "
"Rank Tester, a technical advisor to the Hamlet of Pond Inlet, was granted permission by the Mayor of Pond Inlet, Joshua Saskatchewan, to speak to Nunatsiaq News on behalf of the Hamlet."
"Baffinland has been active in considering the approval of phase 2," Tester said in an email. "
"If the Nunavut Impact Review Board had or had the authority to do so, the final impact of this decision would be to put pressure on the Nunavut Impact Review Board to take responsibility and approve the proposal."
"That’s a concern," Tester said on behalf of the hamlet. "
"On the other hand, the hamlet is thinking that they shouldn’t have done that."
"This has resulted in the financial and perception that Baffinland will be approved in phase 2," he wrote. "
"Our main concern is the animals, marine mammals and their presence."
We would be most impacted in our community.
That’s our concern.
"The money is not going to bring back the animals," Joshua Arreak said on behalf of the Hunters and Trappers Organization, saying in a statement repeatedly in Pond Inlet over the years regarding marine transportation for Baffinland’s plans. "
"As for non-governmental organizations such as the Department of Fisheries and Oceans North, who have expressed interest in holding a hearing on Baffinland’s expansion plan, they said they supported the" responsible development "of the Mary River mine."
"But they also stressed that Baffinland’s exports were too large to fast-track its environmental impact, and were not satisfied with Baffinland’s decision to import large metals from Baffinland instead of Arctic Bay in the south, which could have been achieved in 2012."
"It’s no surprise that residents are frustrated with the huge amount of imported railway parts to Mary Qirngnuq prior to the legal approval of this expansion," said Chris Dickie, vice president of policy and legal affairs at the Department of Fisheries and Oceans for the Arctic. "
Manufactured equipment acquired from Texas
The equipment that is being shipped to Baffinland is part of a list of existing vehicles that Baffinland acquired from the Diamond Jubilee Mine.
"Two large buildings, which were first arrived, were organised in Birmingham, which is the third manufacturer, will be a railway station, built in Stuttgart, Poland, the Diaspora newspaper said."
"Baffinland also brought in a cruise ship, a cruise ship and a number of equipment to be used for a railway."
"Property descriptions of Baffinland’s submission to the Nunavut Impact Review Board and the Nunavut Water Board included railway links and railways, as well as paving metal and containers."
"Dixon’s first ship to Baffinland, the vessel called Bloody Falls, weighed 5,500 tonnes of goods, and travelled from Birmingham in early August."
"Two more cargo vessels were carrying additional supplies this past summer, and there will be more arrivals in the summer of 2020," Diaspora said. "
"Under a joint agreement with the Qikiqtani Inuit Association, Baffinland agreed to put an additional $18 million in reimbursement funding for the cleanup of the Mary River mine if the project stops, the Water Board’s letter said."
Nunavut’s legislative assembly calls for a new Languages Commissioner
Colleen Arreak’s appointment comes into effect on Oct. 21.
"The Nunavut Court of Justice appointed the Acting Languages Commissioner, Colleen Arreak, after Helen Klengenberg resigned from her office last September."
Colleen Arreak of Iqaluit was appointed as the Acting Languages Commissioner of Nunavut.
"Simeon Mikkungwak, the Speaker of the legislative assembly, announced the appointment, which will come into effect on Monday, Oct. 21."
Colleen Arreak of Iqaluit will serve as the Acting Languages Commissioner of Nunavut.
 (Photo courtesy of Colleen Arreak) 
"Ms. Aariak’s work, which includes both the Office of the Languages Commissioner and the Inuit Uqausinginnik Taiguusiliuqtiit, allows me to take on these important responsibilities," Mikkungwak said in a release. "
"Under the Official Languages Act and the Inuit Language Protection Act, the Languages Commissioner is responsible for protecting language rights in Inuktut, French and English."
"The Languages Commissioner also plays a role in investigating and investigating, advising and protecting language rights."
"Under the Official Languages Act, the Languages Commissioner of Nunavut is appointed four years after the Commissioner of Nunavut’s decision."
"The Management and Services Board of the Legislative Assembly may also make a decision on the appointment of an Acting Languages Commissioner when the position is vacant and without a caucus meeting, this information will also be provided to Mr. Arreak’s appointment."
"The former Languages Commissioner, Helen Klengenberg, resigned from office in September."
"Eva Aariak, Colleen’s mother and Nunavut’s predecessor, was the first Languages Commissioner of Nunavut to be elected in the 2008 Nunavut election."
"They issued a public invitation to the Nunavut Languages Commissioner, the legislative assembly said, and provided more information on this website."
Montreal Women’s Centre announces plans for an emergency evening destination
Inuit women make up 15 per cent of attendance at the Women’s Centre
"Maurina Blu-Windsor, CEO of the Women’s Centre (Chelsea Doris), Women’s Centre and Cathy Wang, a city councillor representing the Peter-McGregor community and a spokesperson for the Montreal City Council, discussed plans for a 22-bed women’s shelter in Montreal."
 (Photo courtesy of Montreal City) 
"The Montreal Town of Bel-Murray is able to begin the expansion of the project that was started at the women’s centre, the day centre for women’s homelessness, which was designed to change the land that was acquired last year."
"The residents" decision, announced on Wednesday, Oct. 16, will allow for the installation of a new facility in a remote location, which will become an emergency evening for women. "
"The women’s centre, the women’s day centre at 1430 Samoa Road in Montreal, is open every day for women who need help."
Many of them are Inuit.
"The women’s centre right now is located in Sammie Road, not far from the Atlanta Road and Copper Square, the gathering room for Inuit in Downtown."
"The women’s centre is well known to many Inuit women, which accounts for 15 per cent of the time."
"Set to open in the winter of 2021, the building’s emergency evening destination was purchased with a grant of $1 million from Montreal’s businessman Andrew Harper through the Joyce Community Foundation in Montreal."
"Thank you for having a new house, we will now be able to accommodate 22 beds for women who are homeless," said Maurina Blu-Windsor, the executive director of Sir Chris, who said in a news release after an event at the Women’s Centre. "
"Right now, women are 25 per cent homeless in Montreal, but the benefits for women are not enough."
This project is an appropriate initiative. "
"The good news is that the expansion of the destination was announced less than a week after this individual stayed at the centre, Clara Uttak, who lived in the Northwest Territories, died on Oct. 11 at the hospital."
Buller-Windsor told Nunatsiaq News that when her daughter was in custody she became sick.
"The vast majority of those who go to the center are people who go to the cities with housing and legal problems, Blue Wine said."
"A lot of people go to the women’s centre for sleep during the day. There are six beds, there are only a few hours of sleep and they just sleep in the evening."
That’s going to change because there’s going to be a new bed in the evening.
"Right now, the women’s centre, at least 100 women’s centres every day, provides services and programs to women in need of shelter, food security, mental health and addictions."
Burlington said the number of Inuit women who come in here has not changed significantly since 2018.
"However, we have reached out to women who need more help than they need in clothing and washing machines," she said. "
"This is the only women’s day in Montreal. Sarah Doherty’s Women’s Centre is now open seven days a week from 8:30 a.m. to 3:00 p.m."
"Due to their ability to operate their programs, the women’s centre took a weekend off without providing services for six months in 2014 due to a lack of funding."
"We’re hoping that we can get some financial support from Makivik, but we don’t know if we’re going to get it this year," said Blu-Windsor. "
"The women’s centre also runs an Inuit-specific program – but the women’s centre raises money to do that, as it does with its 70 percent operating budget of $1.7 million a year."
"Cathy Wang, the city councillor on behalf of the Peter-McGill community and the spokesperson for the Montreal City Council, said during the announcement that the new evening centre will provide more women with access to" services that are offered to people who wish them safe and safe. "
No Nunavut Liberal Democrats
"For the fundamental questions, the Liberal Democrats were not competitive"
The Royal Canadian Mountain Championship on Oct. 21 reveals its refusal to accept the Liberal policy for Nunavut and the North.
Do you remember the Liberal Democrats "report?
They share information with each other on a regular basis.
We can remember the majority of them.
"That doesn’t matter, because the vast majority of Nunavut voters came out on Oct. 21, they didn’t come up with anything."
"As of 2015, Justin Trudeau and other Liberal governments have published numerous news stories."
Some of the information was new.
"But in the end, the people of Nunavut just said" hi. "
"But in the end, they were more resilient to the political party, since 1961, as Canadians have fought for them to change: The New Democratic Party."
"This elderly woman’s mountain win reveals her disapproval of Trudeau’s actions in the north and northwest of Canada, which includes her refusal to commit to the repeated Inuit-Crown Partnership."
"Since 2015, Trudeau has partnered with co-management organizations such as Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami, NTI, Qikiqtani Inuit Association and others."
But this week’s election reveals to Nunavummiut that the Inuit-Crown Partnership is not worth it.
"And that’s not surprising, because at the end of the day the people of Nunavut were unable to answer the main questions of the Liberal Party."
"It’s no secret to the majority of the people of Nunavut that the biggest concern is economic and social issues: The housing crisis, the lack of food, the high cost of groceries and airfares, which is the prevalence of tuberculosis and suicide which is almost daily."
"But in his latest trip to Nunavut on Oct. 8, Trudeau had little interest in these issues."
He spoke in South Baffin about climate change and climate change.
"These are national issues, but during the election period, Nunavummiut want to hear their concerns about housing and the high cost of living."
"Instead it was the Sylvia Grinnell River that was also a camera, not for Nunavut voters, but for southern Canadians."
"In doing so, he did not respond to the enthusiasm of Nunavummiut and the Nunavut Liberal Democrat candidate Megan Pierre Lyall, who did not even help and should have been more helpful to the president of the Liberal Party."
"As for the cost of food and nutrition, the Liberal Party took action, establishing a higher contribution to the Nutrition North Canada Program, and giving more money, $12.5 million a year to Indigenous hunters in Nunavut and elsewhere in the North."
But the Harvester Support Program has to come out and no one can say why it’s like that.
"This past August 1, Trudeau played a crucial role in Iqaluit and Arctic Bay, signing a memorandum of understanding to launch the Tallurutiup imanga Marine Conservation Centre and promising to launch a new protected area called Davis Strait."
"This resulted in hundreds of thousands of dollars being allocated to communities in North Baffin, for small craft harbours and protection jobs."
He also touched on security issues such as reconciliation with Indigenous peoples.
"The frustration of such a approach is that: In the wake of the spread of tuberculosis in a overcrowded house, this" merger "doesn’t make much sense."
"With that in mind, do you remember the Liberal government’s big message about tuberculosis?"
"They did that in early 2018, when Jane Webb, then the former Canadian health minister, said that TB would eliminate the disease in Inuit Nunangat by 2030."
But Webb, the federal minister promised to take on that responsibility because it is no longer there.
"Due to Trudeau’s behaviour towards Judy Wilson of Ukraine and her controversial handling of SNC-Lavalin, Webb resigned at the conference."
"Since then, the Liberal Democrats have never heard of TB as a preventative measure."
"Like the Harvester Support Program, I think it’s getting stuck in the Inuit-Crown Partnership. I think the conversation that they had about tuberculosis is at risk."
"And the public knows that tuberculosis is a result of poverty, poor eating and poor housing."
"But on the issue of housing, Trudeau also offered something that was already warm and repeated this summer."
"And the Government of Canada’s social housing program," organised "by Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami, has been unpredictable."
We would also like to congratulate Mamalaaq Qaqqaq for winning.
"To be a member of the fourth divisional political party in the House of Commons, he will need help to be heard."
Let the people of Nunavut just give them the opportunity and support.
"Qaqqaq won two straight, Leona Aglukkaq and Megan Pizzo-Lyall."
I hope that these two losers will continue to serve Nunavummiut and the North.
Members questioned ministers on the $80 million expansion of the Webber Abbey Road Project
"Looking at my colleagues, we can certainly make a decision on the $80 million option"
"Joelie Qirngnuq, MLA for Amittuq, was among the MLAs from the Nunavut legislature asking the government about the $80 million increase in the Iqaluit-Niaqunnguu program."
Some Nunavut lawmakers are now asking for unspecified support for the expansion of the Nuuk and Iqaluit Webber Application project.
"Last August, the federal government promised to contribute $151 million to the project, which is targeted at 1,700 square kilometers of Webber Abbey Nuuk, Greenland through the Davis Strait fire in Iqaluit."
From there, it would be brought to Kimmirut.
"The Government of Nunavut will develop a framework and project at the start of the project, which will be completed by 2023."
"Last year, the Legislative Assembly approved this project, which was to cost $126 million."
"Later this year, we were informed that the cost of the project has gone up in line with the price increase and is now thought to be around $209 million," John Main, MLA for Arviat North-Whale Cove, said in a member’s statement on Wednesday, Oct. 23. "
"This is a $80 million difference, Main said."
"Looking at my colleagues we can definitely make a decision on the value of $80 million," Main said. "
The federal funding comes from the Small Communities and Arctic Community Initiatives Program (Investment Canada Plan).
The project is now on the legislative assembly’s review of the budget for 2020 / 21.
"Later in the day during Question Period, Julie Qirngnuq, MLA for Amittuq asked Quassa Kusugak, the Minister of Community and Government Services, about the $80 million increase to the government’s pre-planned business plan."
"This process, as outlined in the Government of Nunavut’s Budget Planning Subsidy," is intended to ensure that the project has a clear definition, and that information is available for development, reasonable cost estimates and timelines, prior to the commencement of the budget planning process. "
"Was it pre-planning work, yes or no?"
Returns to Oral Questions. Mr. Kusugak.
"The planning has been completed and the costs are still being looked at.
"When we were informed, we found that it was going to be much more expensive," Ms. Kusugak said. "
"Main, sitting next to the chairperson of the legislative assembly, is standing up to ask another question from Ms. Kusugak."
"Can the minister tell us how this massive project cost increases over the course of the year?"
"Ms. Kusugak reiterated that after the proposed budget was approved last year, the department took a closer look at the project and increased the cost of the review."
"Ms. Kusugak added that, in May 2019 her department felt that her funding proposal should be increased to $201.6 million" in order to provide the largest federal contribution to the project if necessary. "
"On the next day, Oct. 24, Maine rose again in question period to find out more about the Finance Minister George Hickes on the same subject."
"According to the Financial Management Board, what steps and actions were taken to inform the department of the $80 million cost increase in this expenditure process?"
I thank the member for that question.
"Hicks said the federal government has increased funding for the project, and, along with a significant contribution to the proposed marine research facility, the GN has also increased its contribution."
"The Department of Community and Government Services redirected it to the Financial Management Board because it found that the expenditure was insufficient."
"Hicks also said that the GN’s half (25 per cent) contribution to the project, with the federal government contributing 75 per cent."
"As a Government of Nunavut, we don’t have to pay the full $80 million, and we would have to pay that 25 percent."
"So we’re going to be looking for... some time in the next few years... in terms of additional resources to complete this project," he added. "
"Nunavik needs its own federal lawyer, says Makivik President"
Charlie Watt after the election of a federal government speaks about democracy
"Charlie Watt, the president of Makivik Corp., issued a news release on Oct. 22 after the federal election, saying Nunavik should have its own federal regulator."
By Elaine Anthony
"Makivik President Charlie Watt did not change his comments about Nunavik’s political location during the ceremony when he announced to the new MLA, Shepherd Parker."
"We will seek to get the Electoral Boundaries Commission to better understand this, in a way, Nunavik will have its own political party for our territory, which is what we want right now with respect to our own self-reliance," he said. "
"We need that through the provincial government."
"Hezbollah – James P. Iyago is the largest federal political project in Quebec, which starts in Nunavik from the south to the Mala Val-d’Or community, where four of the six 2019 federal candidates live, including Puerto Rico to the Quebec River."
Nunavik’s premiers have chosen their own government since 1972.
"In 2002, the Katimajiit’s entire community, including Makivik, went to the Federal Election Commission for that purpose and reappeared in 2011."
"Since the division was expanded in 2013, it has added two more communities in the south."
"The divisions were redesigned, according to the commission, to balance the population."
"In Quebec, there are 100,000 people in the region, which is Abi-James Iyago with less than 85,000 people."
"While Nunavik’s population is around 13,000, Nunavik is far below that, but its leaders have raised this issue with respect to Nunavik’s independence."
"The smallest jurisdiction in Canada is Labrador, which has about 26,000 people, where Newfoundland has about 80,000 people."
"Puppy won the prize for Northern Quebec, picked by more than 11,000, or 40 per cent, followed by the Liberal Democrats and Conservative candidates."
"Watt announced his congratulations to the Green Party candidate Kara Kapa-Whitley, an Inuk from Kuujjuaq, who won the fifth prize with more than 1,000 votes."
"In his speech to Watt, he welcomed him in April to visit Nunavik as soon as possible."
"I look forward to the merger, and his support for self-determination in this process is exciting, as well as issues such as the implementation of the United Nations Act on the rights of Indigenous people," Ford said. "
"There was a big message to Black Quebec President Evo Francois Blanchard, who won 32 seats in Quebec."
"We look forward to supporting ourselves in the development of our agenda in Nunavik – through the legal and economic sectors – and in order to create a legitimate working relationship," said Ford. "
"However, in the spirit of Quebec’s independence, Inuit have long supported Canada’s integration."
"Watt ruled out the election, despite the fact that the Liberal Democrats did not have seats in the new government, to allow him to meet with various batteries and to meet with the rest of Canada."
"Justin Trudeau has a strong government in the absence of seats, and he can work with other parties (politicians) – NDP, Black Quebec, Green, Conservative and Independence Party – to pass legislation and bring it to Parliament, and to work together," he said.
"As for Nunavut’s newly elected NDP MLA, sorry about the mountains of Baker Lake, he gave us some hope."
"I remember when NTI met in Baker Lake in 1871 with Tagak Curley," Watt said. "
"At that time we were young.
"They’re going to do a good job, I’m sorry, and I look forward to seeing you and working together to make sure that people are trying to do their own thing together, for the next generation."
"To reinforce the prevention of RSV in Nunavut, thousands say"
"For Inuit, you can save money on the number of lung illnesses"
The flight attendant for the Nunavut Emergency Measures Line is on strike at the Iqaluit airport this summer for flight attendants.
"In some years, when infants have lung disease (RSV), they have to be evacuated and this leads to the use of aircraft and clinical resources."
"These are Dr. Anna Bennett and her fellow teachers at the Toronto University School of Medicine who joined us in 1989 for the first time since she launched this program in Chicago at the end of September, as well as about 1,000 signatures."
"But when this news was finally published, 23,322 names had gathered – and now they’re set to reach 25,000 signatures."
The campaign states that the Government of Nunavut would provide multiple preventative measures and reduce the need for health care for infants by implementing a preventative prevention program called Philippines for all infants under six months.
"Philadelphia is a preventable disease, not a vaccination program, and it is marketed as a Swedish flu vaccine."
"It is classified as a prevalence of infant lung disease that starts with RSV, a summary of the" Reproductive Virus, "which causes lung disease, and leads to a disease that is traumatised by a blood vessel called RSV."
"But Dr. Michael Patterson, the president of healthcare in Nunavut, told Nunatsiaq News in an interview that the GN contributes 11% to 12% of babies under the age of 2."
"We spend more on infants who are at higher risk of disease for RSV, as well as those who support the world’s contribution to policing," he said. "
"These include infants who are Inuit, who are under 35 weeks of pregnancy, or babies with lung cancer or heart disease."
"Panorama, an associate professor of pediatrics at the Toronto University of Medicine, has published a series of books over the past 15 years about the prevalence and cost of RSV in the Arctic."
"As a result of this study, he is deeply dissatisfied with the current territorial policy and said all Nunavut infants need this prevention program."
"Dr. Anna Bennett, an associate professor of pediatrics at the Toronto University School of Medicine, said after conducting research on Inuit infants who have a vaccination program called Philippines that would make a significant difference in your life and finances."
The cost of living in Nunavut is worth it
She said in her study that the RSV disease is prevalent in many areas and has resulted in a significant number of airfares and hospitals for Nunavut’s health care system.
"Health care is very expensive: About $5,600 per patient."
"However, despite the cost, the premier and many others believe that this is a discount."
"This is because Nunavut suffers from early cancer and medivacs are the most effective, responsive."
"We’ve done a lot of cost-cutting studies that have shown in the Arctic that if we give more money to the RCMP, we can save money," he said in an interview. "
"The cost analysis, published in 2013, found that there were hundreds of cases of lung cancer in Kitikmeot infants: Set at 389 out of 1,000."
"During the study, which took place from January 1, 2009 to June 30, 2010, it found that the cost of living in hospitals for this disease reached $57,535."
"In the Qikiqtani region, the rate of lung cancer among infants was 2002 from 1,000 newborns and in the Kivalliq, 230 out of 1,000 newborns."
This means the Government of Nunavut has spent $5.9 million on sick people in the Qikiqtani region and roughly $5.7 million in the Kivalliq region for infants and that was the result of the study.
"However, it was, in fact, the Kivalliq had the highest rate of tuberculosis in hospitals: $63,686."
"For Inuit, it’s saving money, because of the high rates of lung cancer," she said. "
Superintendent of Ontario Nurses Supports Registered Nurses
"Inuit infants are 10 times more likely to be treated with lung disease than" vulnerable "infants and the disease is significantly more common in their sensitivity.
"Despite this fundamental problem, Inuit infants in Nunavut do not receive the H1N1 virus," Gandhi wrote in his submission. "
"This is also the case for professionals identified in the University of Winnipeg School of Health, the National Health Association and the National Institute of Health Research for Indigenous Peoples."
But healthy babies in Nunavut who have completed their babies don’t receive this preventative medication – even if they come from vulnerable communities other than Iqaluit and have more cases of lung disease.
Planned Parenthood says it’s a mistake to do that.
"I have worked very hard.
I have shown it to the public.
"Carolyn Bennett, Jane Webb, has seen my article and said it’s credible," she said. "
Nunavik vaccinates all infants
"And he gave notice, unlike Nunavut, that health officials in Nunavik have donated a policeman to all babies over the last three years."
"In the Nunavut legislature on Oct. 18, Health Minister George Hickes said in response to questions from the Iqaluit-Niaqunnguu MLA Pat Angnakak, that the Government of Nunavut undertake a thorough review of Nunavik’s activities."
"We’re keeping track of that project," said Hickes. "
Ms. Angnakak said the RSV disease has a huge impact on families.
"Not too long ago, I know that the baby had to be sent to the hospital by RSV and it had a huge impact on the family, especially when the baby was too young."
But Hicks defended the Government of Nunavut’s current system and said it’s not the government’s responsibility to save money for Inuit only.
"This is not a legal or policy decision on the cost.
"It depends on the best quality of health care," Hicks said. "
Patterson adds that Nunavik went ahead three years ago with the start-up of infants under six months.
"We’re still waiting for that number, and if we found out that there was a savings in the use of the RCMP, then we would be able to implement that as soon as possible," Patterson said. "
"But in his view, there is still a lack of symbols of enforcement in Nunavut."
"There are two things that I don’t agree with in the process of signing and the other one is that the disclosure process has been completed, or the scientific evidence of that."
"There are still a lot of people asking questions," he said. "
A series of events involving the use of policing in Nunavut have come a long way.
"In 2008, the Government of Nunavut rejected or participated in the Panorama study of RSV, even though officials from Greenland, Nunavik and the Northwest Territories wanted to participate."
A small building showing up to Churchill
Nunavik construction firm offers small construction
"A small building that is visible, by Nunavik builders, was brought to Churchill by ship this summer."
 (Photo courtesy of Nunavik builders) 
The first small units built in Nunavik arrived by ship to Churchill this summer.
"I wanted to show you how good we were building for the North," said Willy Godfrey, co-founder of Nunavik Construction, a residential design and construction office in Kuujjuaq and Nairobi, Quebec. "
"Ten years before, Gardner, a Kuujjuaq plumber, was a skilled manufacturer and a construction engineer who had obstacles with housing expert Cloud Janelle."
"We started talking about affordable housing in the Arctic," Godfrey said. "
"Housing in the Arctic is too expensive.
It started from there. "
From there they have developed a framework for small units with a view to Arctic weather.
The houses have metal garbage and there are 10 wind turbines that can be activated and can be used longer than normal.
"They are designed with insulated fixtures for their faces, roofs and ceilings and a three-storey window to prevent the warm weather."
"They have floor-to-ceiling heating systems, not like wall heat, to balance the temperature across the building."
"I think that’s the only way to do it in the Arctic," Godfrey said. "
"There are a lot of problems with heating systems and heating systems that go to a certain degree.
People say their feet are freezing.
Their houses are completely insulated but they’re walking in. "
The design of the Nunavik building is a one-bedroom apartment.
 (Photo courtesy of Nunavik builders) 
"Due to the design of furnaces and pipes across Nunavut, Gardner is responsible for ensuring that units are built within the framework, making sure everything is fixed and maintained."
"Nunavik builds multi-faceted structures that have small, four-bedroom units, and other options available to them."
"They can add another room and it can be expanded, for example, when they’re older than their children."
"The building is displayed in Kuujjuaq with a single bedroom, with a size of 5 metres to the side and 10 metres per metre."
There is an entrance at the end of the building to the kitchen and the living room.
Just above your house and beyond the bathroom.
The power plant in another building is over.
It took about two hours to complete the building and the electrical and utilidor systems were installed.
"This house can be purchased for $228,000, for the connection and for all inside," said Godfrey. "
"The Nunavik building costs between $500,000 and $600,000, he said."
"We’re trying to build affordable housing with adequate spaces and problems with their waterways," said Godfrey. "
"I am a plumber, I am a scientist for many years and a lot of things are done properly, the pipes are not adequate, their heating systems are not adequate."
That’s what I’ve been building for many years and now we’ve got something that would be more suitable for the Arctic. "
"The houses that are built in Southwark, Quebec, and they were built a month later, Gottlieb said, and they were bumped into a truck by ship."
"Once we get the orders and the booking is in place for the shipping season, the building can be in place by the summer."
"In the future, if this is successful, we are determined to build capacity in the Arctic," he said. "
"But that’s a lot of money."
He added that these units across the Arctic would be suitable and would be very happy to order from Nunavut or from Greenland.
"We’re open and we’re just waiting for the costs to be determined and they’re prepared for the construction," said Godfrey. "
"We plan to help people in need."
"In Canada’s Arctic, sea ice is at its lowest level right now"
"We may be a month behind schedule for the current fiscal year"
"The freeze is very late this year," said Gjoa Haven resident Bailey Aglukkaq, who took this photo on Oct. 18. "
"It’s still boating for the land, although it doesn’t happen in Gjoa Haven."
I have never seen it on the ice for the rest of my life. "
 (Photo courtesy of Bailey Aglukkaq) 
By Dustin Patterk
"Last October, when Judah Sarpinak of Igloolik went seal hunting he had to go through snowmobiles."
"When he applied that year, he had to go boating."
"In Nunavut and other parts of the Arctic, it’s the same."
"This is the first time I’ve seen this shock in my life," said Bailey Aglukkaq, who has lived in Gjoa Haven for almost 40 years. "
That’s correct.
"Since Oct. 15 the sea ice glaciers were around 5.118 million square kilometres, the lowest recorded in 1968."
"Depending on where it is, we may have a month to do that late last year," said Josh Logan, a violent researcher on land services in Canada. "
But this is not the first year that the ice is so low.
In April it was also the smallest ice on record.
Subsequent to that, July was the most recent publication.
"In August, the shrinking ice began to slow down."
"We picked up the second-lowest (ice) ice in 2007 and 2016, but it was higher in 2012," said Walter Mayo, a senior researcher at the National Institute of Technology and the Forestry Institute. "
"But we’re still at a lower point than the 2012 lows when it was because of the slow freeze – 2012 that quickly returned to normal, but this winter’s ice conditions."
"At the time of Oct. 15, the ice conditions were lower than in 2012, at which time it was the lowest."
 (Photo courtesy of NSIDC) 
The sea ice is based on temperatures.
"If there is no ice in the water and the temperatures are warmer in the water, even if the temperatures are in the air then the temperatures will get warmer and the water will get warmer or freezing," said Lawrence. "
"But the Arctic temperature in October is very cold, with temperatures in the last six months."
"It was a summer," said Mayo. "
"As of April, monthly temperatures remained the third highest on record – in the Arctic – on record, this is May and August."
 (Image courtesy of UNEP) 
This year’s event will bring a bigger picture.
"As a result of global warming from the perspective of humanitarian vehicles, we have seen a decrease in sea ice levels since 1979," said Bashar Patrick, director of the GRID-Guinea, in a news release released by the United Nations Environment Agency (UNEP).
"Unlike the current trend this year in the Arctic, declining sea ice has benefited from Arctic warming over the years."
"According to the release," temperatures rose to 0.5 degrees Celsius in the last decade of 1982 and 2017, primarily due to the solar eclipse that began to deteriorate in 1979. "
This is twice as fast as the global average. "
This summer has not been the only picture.
"Despite the same year, the ice is now recovering."
"The ice is just starting to freeze," she said, Ms. Aglukkaq. "
"In 10 days, since Oct. 20, the sea ice has increased by nearly 1.5 million square kilometres, including water near Gjoa Haven."
"If the current freeze continues, 2019 may be even higher than it was in 2012."
Iqaluit welcomes the new fire marshal
"To me this is a joyous event"
Goodwin Howard became Iqaluit’s fire marshal two weeks ago.
"It has since been read and investigated, but she says her new job is something she can do about it."
 (Photo courtesy of Dustin Patterk) 
"When Gordon Howard appeared before the city council on Oct. 22 when he became the fire chief, he did not expect to be interviewed."
"Do you support the Montreal Canadiens?"
Asked by Member Joanasie Akumalik.
"After a long silence, Howard responded," No. "
They are here with a lot of laughs.
"A week later, in an interview with Nunatsiaq News, Howard said," That’s why I decided that my clients should not be heard. "
"Howard, who grew up in Hamilton, went to Iqaluit through Meadowbank, Ontario, a town close to Georgetown Bay."
"Even though he’s originally from here, he’s also a resident of the Arctic."
"Over the past 10 years as an emergency health officer for the Canadian Armed Forces, Arviat’s neighbourhood has been camped in the wintertime."
"So it’s my understanding of the snow, I understand it’s cold, but there’s also something that has to be done."
It seems like it’s in a different world and that’s why I brought it here.
"And the department is in trouble," said Howard, referring to the Iqaluit firefighters "collection – some of them are firefighters and some of them just go out and help."
That’s the only thing that Howard did not come to Iqaluit.
As part of their experience as a volunteer firefighter and Emergency Measures – in the absence of so many other areas – it was also due to the fact that Iqaluit was experiencing a fire.
"The history of this department is overwhelming," said Howard. "
"It’s incredible here, and when you look at their resources they’re always in place."
"The activities of the department are related to, and now Howard, in this new area, from water problems and lack of support, to fire extinguishers and fire extinguishers."
"We can’t change that overnight and there doesn’t seem to be much change in the evening.
"If we continue to move forward and don’t go backwards I would be happy," said Howard. "
"For me, it’s a very exciting project."
"It’s a pleasure, what we’re trying to do and what we know to be able to do."
"The first question that was asked by the city’s designated director of emergency services is," I’m a Toronto assistant, "said Howard with a smile."
"It’s good to hear that some of them are supporting the fire hall in Toronto.
"I brought a flag, so we’ll be able to show you through our car if Stanley Cup wins over 20-30 years."
Bedbug flooding causes concern for Nunavik residents who are on medical travel to Montreal
Hotel operator says they do inspections but they never find one.
This person just wants to eat in a room that you wouldn’t want to see: A bedbug.
"But in recent years, the bedbugs have been seen at the Quebec boarding home where patients from Nunavik are staying in the city."
The bedbugs that are seen in Nunavik’s boarding home when they go to the hospital in Montreal are a major concern for the patients and their families.
This photograph reveals the bedbugs of Cecilia Tookoome that she saw last month at the bottom of her mother’s bedroom at the Curtis Hotel at Kirt Lewis Valley.
 (Photo courtesy of Cecilia Tookooka) 
"In mid-October, Cecilia Kukushka was visiting her mother at the Cornwall Hotel at the Kirt Lodge in Toronto. She was very scared: She saw the dog below Elizabeth’s mouth, which she took photographs of."
"Kukushka’s observation of the Iglulik Quebec tells the patients to the Nunavik watchdog at the Ublivik Hotel, where they have a bedroom hotel, 39 total, on the first floor when they are overflowing."
Kutsika phoned her mother and told her that she would never be there again.
"The hotel’s president, Sergeant Abdullah Noah, told Nunatsiaq News last week that he was surprised to see the bedbugs."
"What happened in the recent past, when there was a thorough investigation, with the coroner’s report, they were unable to find it."
"One bedroom study found that there were bedbugs in the bedroom, but they’re no longer there."
Abdus Noah also posted an email on Instagram showing a group of people who had seen bedbugs.
"Due to the importance of Ublivik Boarding Home operations, Abdul Noah said all rooms were performed this year and are regularly inspected and processed if required."
Nunatsiaq News was unable to communicate with the Nunavik Regional Health Board or the Motor Vehicle Information System that deals with the Nunavik Health Centre in Montreal such as bedbugs and what to do about it.
The MNQC has shared their concerns via email to Abdullah Noah.
"It appears that billionaires are seeing bedbugs and they don’t want to stay in hotels anymore," wrote George Delilah, president of Ublivik on Oct. 16. "
"Let me know what it is and what it is and when the problem will be resolved.
We have to keep the patients informed about the treatment of the bedbugs. "
Ublivik patients always take care of their clothing / bags before they enter.
There are bedbugs in Montreal: The government offices were forced to shut down in Cumberland Sound this past month.
"And if there were bedbugs from patients in the Arctic, that wouldn’t be the first, as happened in 2010 in Winnipeg."
"The bedbugs are very unusual: They’re small, but they’re very sweet, sweet and painful after they’re washed away."
The bedbugs that contain the flu will reduce the blood sugar levels in the blood sugar levels and reduce the sensitivity of the blood vessel.
"On the other side of the pipe, the bedbug pumps in the blood, sometimes for about five minutes, after melting, searching the blood and screaming."
"Bedbugs eat five to ten days a year and can survive a year, often stay at the bottom of the bottom of the bag, wheat and other hot chocolate, dark and come out when they want to eat."
"The good news is that the bedbugs don’t stay in the cold, so they just fall asleep and die."
So you can store your bags when they’re outside for more than two days if it’s not warm.
"Try to avoid bedbugs while you’re out on the land, check them in the bedroom, and look at the bottom and don’t put your bags in the bedroom."
"And when you go home, wash your clothes before going into your bedroom and check your packaging."
"If you look at a bedbug in a Montreal hotel, you can call 311 for city problems."
"Baffinland’s forum suddenly stops, reunites in Pond Inlet with a halt"
"Inuit have to be involved in the process.
"It affects all aspects of Inuit life," said NTI’s president. "
"Representatives from Igloolik and Pond Inlet are listening to Aluki Kotierk, NTI’s president, in a motion calling for the cancellation of the NIRB’s final hearing on Baffinland’s phase 2 expansion on Wednesday, November 6 in Iqaluit."
 (Photo by Emma Tanter) 
By Emma Donald and Elaine Andrew
"The Nunavut Impact Review Board’s meeting on Baffinland’s proposed expansion of the Mary River iron mine suddenly ended, with a two-day retreat in Pond Inlet cancelled."
"On Wednesday, November 6, NTI President Aluki Kotierk issued a resolution calling for an immediate adjournment of the last public meeting and that the meeting be held for eight months."
It would have been interesting to hear the testimony from the witnesses that they were looking for, and the members were looking at Baffinland to see what they were going to do about that situation.
"Baffinland officials stood by their faces, occasionally mobilizing their arms and turning their backs on when Kotierk made his motion."
"We are concerned that this public forum will be completed in a timely fashion.
People need input and dialogue.
"Anyone in this room wants to understand all the issues that are raised and how it affects NTI and the union," Kotierk said when the chamber is full of witnesses and people. "
"It affects all people’s lives," she said. "
"The motion was tabled on the fifth day of the hearing in Iqaluit, at the end of the hour."
The Nunavut Impact Review Board’s first agenda was organized to continue the hearings in Pond Inlet to allow communities to participate on November 8 and 9.
"The Nunavut Impact Review Board was satisfied with NTI’s motion, which stopped the meeting and the Pond Inlet merger was also cancelled."
"Over the course of a week, Baffinland representatives who wanted to have an opportunity to speak repeatedly expressed their plans to build a railway from the north to the Mary River port."
"This railway and other parts of the port, it would make it easier for the company to produce more than six million tonnes of steel a year that produces up to 12 million tonnes."
"But it’s notorious for the week that Baffinland’s proposal to amend its project permit is to remove its production deadline and to establish a deadline for shipping, 20 times the railway and 176 cruise ships a year."
"The motion to adjourn the meeting was supported by all those who wished to speak, many of whom expressed concern about the uncertainty surrounding the project."
"P.J. Akeeagok, the QIA president, told Nunatsiaq News that he believes in the NIRB’s process to ensure that" people have the opportunity to ask questions about these important issues "and" allow residents to voice their concerns on an ongoing basis. "
"Mr. Akeeagok also said the motion was not expected, but it was well organized at the last day of the session."
Baffinland officials are watching Kotierk make a motion to terminate.
"I think there are too many questions that haven’t been resolved yet.
"From my perspective, if you are going to make a decision about your future, then you have to be fully informed in order to make good decisions."
There is a lack of it here. "
Representatives from the North Baffin communities also unanimously voted in favour of the motion.
"There is a need for more information and research," said Amanda Hanson Main, a researcher for the Pond Inlet Hunters and Trappers Organization. "There is a need for research."
He said the project "may have a very serious impact on our values and values as Inuit and as a part of the world."
"Some members of the Kimball team expressed their dissatisfaction with the Mary River project, and they just wanted to continue with Baffinland’s work in Nunavut, but there were too many questions and concerns about the proposed expansion."
"What we hear is that it’s too independent and unacceptable," said Peter Ivalu, who represents the Hamlet of Igloolik. "It’s too small."
"All the information has to be translated.
Everything has to be transparent. "
"The Government of Nunavut also agreed with the motion, in reference to this issue, that there is too much disagreement among those who want to have a say and that is just a backstop."
"The federal government also supported the motion, but said the Nunavut Impact Review Board can make a decision on how long this will take."
"Through their legal team, Baffinland said they were dissatisfied with the motion to adjourn for eight months and were not satisfied with that motion until they were informed."
"All those who arrived at the announcement meeting were likely to go ahead as of November 2," said Brad Armstrong, the lawyer for Baffinland. "It’s just a matter of time."
"None of them said they had any plans to start this day.
There was no way of preventing any of these comments from coming to the table. "
"Megan Lord-Hoyle, the vice president of recycling for Baffinland, said the delay would have a" immediate impact "on the project."
"But we will do all we can to ensure that we continue to provide and protect 3,000 Canadians for employment, 476 of whom are Inuit."
We have to know that Inuit will be working with us.
"We need an opportunity to find a way to deal with the problem," Lord-Hoyle said. "
"Although the Qikiqtani Inuit Association has said they can’t help work on phase 2, Akeeagok said they will continue to work on the Inuit communications program and the project’s economic potential will not be limited."
"We are not satisfied with the Mary River project.
We are working with them.
We own Inuit Nunangat.
"We support Inuit employment," she said. "
"We’ve spent a lot of money and work to make this project a profit for a long time.
"So with that in mind, there is a balance that we have to find."
But there is nothing at this time. "
Mr. Akeeagok also pointed out that the community’s uncertainty about the impact of the railway on caribou is important.
"As an Inuk, these things have a profound impact on our culture and rights."
"While it was visible to the elders that they are not only thinking about themselves, this is also for the future."
That’s my focus.
"My decision is not just for now, but for the next generation."
I leave them with a better foundation than they were going to be me?
"It’s mainly based on decision-making, no matter what culture you are," she said. "
"In accordance with the recommendation, the Nunavut Impact Review Board provided an opportunity for witnesses to speak in writing until November 15."
"From there, the Nunavut Impact Review Board will submit a written submission to the motion and the timeline."
Nunavut MLAs approve amendments to the Income Tax Act
"Our government is working diligently to ensure that carbon pricing is recovered as a source of income"
"MLA Adam Lightstone questioned Finance Minister George Hickes on Bill 26, An Act to Amend the Income Tax Act, during the legislative session on Wednesday, November 6."
Nunavut MLAs updated the Nunavut Income Tax Act to amend the Carbon Tax Act.
"The changes, which were read for the third time on Wednesday, November 6, included an increase in the personal expenses of $13,325 to $16,000."
"This means that taxpayers will earn more than $3,000 a year before they have to pay the Nunavut Income Tax."
"Another change is the increase in the living allowance from $1,200 to $1,500."
"This means that taxpayers who make more than $60,000 will receive an additional $300-plus tax credit."
And Nunavut’s corporate tax rates for small businesses drop by 4 per cent to 3 per cent.
"Our government is working hard to ensure that carbon pricing is recovered," said Finance Minister George Hickes. "
"The federal government’s fixed carbon tax bill came into effect in Nunavut on July 1, with the fuel price stabilizing – it would have increased by 5 cents per litre – the Government of Nunavut introduced a carbon pricing program, which reduces the cost of fuel by half."
"In a series of discussions on income tax reform, Nunavut MLAs agreed that carbon tax revenues should be returned to Nunavummiut."
However, they couldn’t agree on how best to do that.
"Adam Lightstone, the MLA for Iqaluit-Manirajak, was concerned that, given the reduction in income tax rates, the government would have to pay taxes on government operations."
"It is my understanding that our current federal investments are vital and that our own economy is only 10 to 15 per cent of our contribution.
"We really have to use our own revenues to operate," said Lightstone. "
"Why is the government trying to use the carbon tax to contribute to the government’s operations?"
"The carbon tax that we’re developing is a small part of the Government of Nunavut and the carbon has been trying to fit into our own carbon footprint," replied Hicks, adding, "I don’t think we would be satisfied if we just put these carbon pricing systems in place for other revenues and that money is not being paid back to the consumer."
Lightstone also said that amending the Income Tax Act would be the most appropriate way to reimburse Nunavummiut.
"It also emphasized that the carbon tax contribution to the Government of Nunavut will go to the Government of Nunavut to ensure that it is used for its purpose, reducing Nunavut’s carbon footprint."
"Climate change is something I am very concerned about and it needs to be worked on now and for the future.
"Having said that, I have come up with some ideas for our government on how we can develop or come up with a strategy that will save the lives of Nunavummiut," said Lightstone. "
"Why have these ideas not been considered and proposed to be used for carbon tax purposes?"
Hicks responded by saying that each department – responsible for specific projects – is listening.
"Some departments have been working with departments, including the Qulliq Energy Corporation, which is responsible for the development of energy-efficient LED street lighting in Nunavut which was approved in the near future."
"In 2019 / 20, the GN expects to make $12 million in carbon tax."
That would be broken down as follows:
• $2 million for the government’s higher cost of furnaces for public housing and government buildings such as schools and health centres.
• $3.6 million for the new Nunavut carbon tax.
• $6.2 million will be reimbursed to Nunavummiut and Nunavut jobs this year for the establishment of an amendment to the Income Tax Act.
But to Lightstone this is not a mathematical combination.
"Given the 50 per cent recovery from the refinery and the 50 per cent cost of carbon tax, why is there so little room for energy efficiency measures?"
"Hicks responded that the federal government’s rate of carbon tax is increasing every year over the next five years, and that even though the 50 per cent deduction in the refineries will continue, this year’s increase in tax credits would generate more revenue for other projects."
The bill received second reading on November 6 and received third reading that evening.
"Despite that, Lightstone, yesterday’s newborn son told the legislative assembly that he only slept for three hours and left."
"Shortly afterwards in an email to Nunatsiaq News, Lightstone said he was disappointed that he would vote against the legislation."
"I don’t agree with the terms of reference of Bill 26, I don’t think it’s a perfectly organized year policy," wrote Lightstone, although he was going to say something about the legislative assembly. "
"The purpose of the carbon tax is to reduce fossil fuels and carbon emissions from industries and to address climate change.
"If this legislation included an electricity tax credit for individuals and businesses that wanted to help save money, or if the Government of Nunavut put in place a mechanism to help people purchase and develop energy efficiency measures then I would have been very pleased to approve the legislation."
Although Lightstone disagreed with the bill, it was passed.
Hicks said he can hear thoughtful suggestions on how to use carbon tax revenues to reduce Nunavut’s carbon footprint.
"I strongly urge members of the public to write a letter to their MLAs or the government that considers the potential for action in this area."
"Nunavut’s visits amounted to more than 34,000 more than in 2018 than in 2015"
The Government of Nunavut releases annual tourism reports for 2018-19
The passengers of Owen Olsen are in the process of conducting a research vessel on Jordan Island near the west coast of Rankin Inlet.
 (Photo courtesy of Emma Tranter) 
"From April to September, 2018, more than 51,000 people visited Nunavut outside of Nunavut."
"This is the result of Nunavut’s annual tourism report for 2018-19 from the Department of Economic Development and Transportation, which was tabled in the Legislative Assembly earlier this month."
"The same people who came here spent a total of $271,383,000 on engagement and travel expenses."
The report does not specify how much has been spent other than travel.
"In contrast, there were roughly 16,750 visitors from Nunavut who did not live in the territory from May to Oct. 2015, according to that year’s Nunavut Visitor Exit Survey."
"The Baffin and Kivalliq regions are the most visited from July to September, 2018."
"The island was visited by 95,600 people, of which just over half (53.2 per cent) came to Iqaluit with a budget of $75.1 million."
Pond Inlet and Pangnirtung are the second and third communities visited in the Baffin region.
"In the Kivalliq region, Rankin Inlet received 33,600 visits and $68 million, followed by Baker Lake and Arviat."
Cambridge Bay was one of the Kitikmeot’s most visited communities.
Drinks by Wayne Olsen on the research vessel from Georgia to Kimmirut in August 2019.
"And in 2018, 3,404 cruise ships arrived in Nunavut within two and a half years."
"Cruise ship operators spent $388,351 on community services, the report said."
But the weather and ice conditions affected more than half of the vessels that wanted to visit Nunavut.
"The agency received the results of eight passenger operators from 23 traveling in Nunavut from July to September, 2018."
"The vessels carried 3,404 passengers in total."
"Just over half, or 59 per cent of the passengers travelled to Pond Inlet from Nunavut."
"Iqaluit is the second-largest tourist vessel with 8.3 per cent, followed by Qikiqtarjuaq, which is 6.1 per cent visited and Grise Fiord at 5.9 per cent."
"Cruise ship visitors to Pond Inlet did not only spend a total of $245,565, but these visitors were the most visited by 100 hours from 189.5 hours of cruise ship visits in Nunavut, according to the report."
"Cambridge Bay, Gjoa Haven, Kimmirut and Kugluktuk were not visited by cruise ships in 2018."
"In the report, both Cambridge Bay and Gjoa Haven were expected to receive seven visits, but all were cancelled due to weather."
"The report notes that Cambridge Bay and Gjoa Haven had an impact on the cancellation of cruise ship visits that resulted in a total loss of about $25,000."
"The feedback from the report came from visitors who were leaving the research vessel in 2018, which surveyed cruise ship operators and other visitors to Nunavut a year ago."
"In 2018, the GN had to respond to community concerns from Pond Inlet and Clyde River as a result of these cruise ships going out on the land."
"In its report, the GN contacted the organization’s Arctic Research Vessel operators and all cruise ship operators to avoid this."
"It also said that while tourism is an independent development, it needs government support for development."
"In Nunavut, this means training and employment for Nunavummiut in the tourism sector."
"There is always a lack of enthusiasm and expertise for a variety of tourism activities.
"In the absence of skilled workers, tourism has not been determined to meet its potential."
"Training has been known to focus on tourism in Nunavut," the report said. "
"The registration team, Nunavut’s Inuit cruise ship training program, trains 12 people a year to work with passengers on cruise ships to participate in the study, the report said."
"In the report, all Government of Nunavut tourism inspectors are Inuit."
"As has been in the past, tourism data is often rare, which leads to uncertainty about the size of the economy and its potential to contribute to Nunavut’s economy," the report said. "
"The department has supported 115 projects related to tourism in 2018, totalling $1,272,822."
The following projects include:
"The Nunatta Sunakkutaangit Museum, Voice of Nunavut Show: $50,100"
"• Bye Glass Tour: $48,383"
"• Igloolik Hamlet, initiation of Igloolik artwork: $81,785"
"• Architect (Architecture), Legends Disclosure: $99,872"
"• Nunavut Development Corporation and Winnipeg Art Gallery for a new store: $225,000 over three years"
"Mary River: If its economy is a factor, please bring it forward"
Legislators are desperate to get Baffinland’s revenues revealed
Participants sit in Iqaluit at Katt Hall on the fourth day of the Nunavut Impact Review Board’s public hearing on Baffinland Iron Mines Corp. "s proposed expansion of its Mary River project.
"Nunavut’s practice of enforcing laws on industrial development, which began in 1993 under the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement, has not been performed except in areas ranging from environmental and socio-economic studies to the Mary River iron mine over the past decade."
"This was posted in Iqaluit earlier this month, when the NIRB held its final public meeting on the $900 million railway expansion proposal from Baffinland Iron Mines Corp." s resignation due to confusion and misunderstanding. "
The last day of the meeting, a seven-day arrangement for Pond Inlet was cancelled.
"At the same time, Baffinland has made billions of dollars, a multi-billion-dollar mine that has been uncertainty."
"In writing, the Nunavut Impact Review Board has yet to make a decision on the resolution from NTI that, if approved, delays from eight to 12 months."
"And Baffinland Iron Mines Corp., the Qikiqtani Inuit Association, said in the near future that they could not support or approve a railway expansion."
"But at the QIA level, the Qikiqtaaluk Corporation has said they are in full support of it."
We also have Arctic Co-operatives Limited.
This is a complex process.
"As for Baffinland, the vice president of recycling, Megan Lord-Hoyle, warned that the company is only concerned about the possibility of the project going ahead, saying," We will do everything we can to maintain and protect Canada’s 3,000 jobs, 476 people. "
"Last week, Baffinland told Nunatsiaq News that it has suspended 490 southern contractors and 96 contractors for Inuit labour."
That’s why we’re up to the biggest unanswered questions on the project: The Mary River budget.
"Baffinland says the potential of the mine is unclear unless regulators allow the construction of a 110-kilometre railway into the Mary River area and its production to rise to 12 million tonnes a year, which could result in 176 traffic jams."
"The problem is, they haven’t produced a public report that would help."
"And in the near future, the vast majority of officials declined to ask questions on this issue."
"Last year, although there was no evidence that this did not stop the shareholders from saying what they believe."
"For example, in the summer and fall of 2018, the QIA packed with Baffinland, protecting them from the NIRB."
"On August 31 of that year, the Nunavut Impact Review Board recommended that the federal government not accept prior and smaller annual production – from 4.2 million tonnes of iron ore to 6 million tonnes."
"So Baffinland and his partner, QIA, did a lot of work."
"In a few weeks, they wrote to the chief decision-makers who came here, Dominic LeBlanc, then the federal minister of northern affairs, to reverse the council’s decision."
Why?
Money.
"The Inuit organizations said they were surprised by the Mary River mine’s ability, to contribute hundreds of thousands of dollars and contributions, worth more than $20 million in the new IIBA."
Ottawa agreed.
"Focused on the QIA’s concerns about the possibility of financing the mine, the federal government approved Baffinland’s proposal last year."
"We are also concerned about the potential for a long term use of the Mary River mine and with the knowledge of the QIA’s concerns about the economic development of the project," LeBlanc wrote in a September 30, 2018 letter signed by Crown-Indigenous Relations Minister Carolyn Bennett. "
"Instead, the most important member of the public – the federal government – agrees that economic prosperity is important and important to this."
And they did that even though there was no financial evidence there.
This is a big problem.
"Because if it’s true that the project is not economically viable, the Member for Baker Lake should want to see what he says."
"At all levels of the Mary River project, Baffinland’s employees – as required – must produce hundreds of benefits for this environmental impact statement."
"But in terms of the program’s financial capacity, I don’t think the Nunavut Impact Review Board really wants to publish public signs."
"For example, the Nunavut Impact Review Board has recommended that a lengthy financial document obtained by the Department of Fisheries and Oceans in the Arctic" does not apply "and that it should not be published on the board’s public registry."
 (The document is still on our website.) 
The Nunavut Impact Review Board recommended that after the document was tabled – and removed from Baffinland’s recommendation.
"By contrast, Baffinland chose to give, on its own, a shorter financial statement that explains why Mary River could make more money by creating a bigger economy."
This self-determination may be a problem.
Even though Baffinland has made some adjustments to that.
"In response, the NIRB made a different decision, which does not make any sense."
"If the federal government is going to invest in it, then the Federal Income Support Board must do so."
"Fortunately, the Nunavut Impact Review Board and other regulators must pursue other avenues such as this display."
They should be very interested.
"As well as Baffinland’s loans on the land, the Qikiqtani Inuit Association."
"And due to such concerns as the possibility of another possible outcome, the federal government should amend the federal legislation to regulate the Nunavut Impact Review Board’s practices, the Nunavut Planning Commission and the Program Review Act, to clarify how financial information must be handled in the future."
"Unfortunately given the willingness to speak, there are still many questions that have not been answered by Baffinland’s latest expansion proposal, related to the railway’s impact on caribou, the impact of vessels on whales, the project’s lack of Inuit employment, and much more."
"A lot of the questions come from Arctic Bay to the south about the railway proposal, which Baffinland approved in 2013 for construction, and 18 million tonnes of production a year. It remains unclear why Baffinland was forced to build in 2013 when it was allowed to produce 18 million tonnes a year."
It remains unclear why Baffinland has failed to implement this plan.
But the biggest question is how can this project continue to exist.
Child and Family Services Increases in Nunavik
Qanukkanniq Investments in Quebec recently imposed its promises on Quebec
When children and teachers were here at the Aqivik Early Childhood Centre in Hudson Bay in 2016.
"At that time of year the Quebec government added additional resources to support members of the Early Learning Centre, based on family income."
"On November 7, 2019 these funds were banned, with the Early Childhood Education Program set at $8.25 a day."
 (Photo courtesy of Nunavik C.c.ca) 
By Elaine Andrew
"The economic restructuring in Quebec has led to more funding for family and child services in Quebec, including Nunavik."
"Quebec’s economy was marginalized at about 2.4 per cent in 2018-19, which is 0.6 per cent larger than previously thought."
"In this case, the Quebec Finance Minister, Eric Jarrett, announced on November 7 that the $857 million that has been announced will be adhered to in the short term."
Two of these will be achieved following the envy of the Child Benefit and Child Benefit.
"The renewal of Quebec’s economy and investment demonstrates that Quebec has successfully achieved this," Jarrett said in a news release. "
"Economic growth in Quebec gives us the opportunity to reduce debt and bring the government’s promises forward."
"As for this contribution, Quebec has banned any additional funding for the Child Welfare Program that was implemented by the Philippine Quebec Liberal government in 2016."
"Under this program, an additional contribution to child welfare on top of that is a day of income."
That subsidy was increased by $15 a day for high earners.
"The families who make more than $50,000 did not receive an increase in the contribution."
"The November 7 release will reimburse the Quebec Daycare fee of $8.25, with the exception of an additional payment to all profits."
This new fee in Nunavik will be used through the Katimajiit’s entire community government program in Nunavik for child welfare.
"According to the Quebec release, this new payment will be for this year, and the Montreal Gazette reported that this will be effective January 1, 2019."
"Next week, the head of the childcare services centre in the entire municipality, Julie Ann Peete, was not informed of how or when these payments would start in Nunavik."
Premier François Lagerfeld’s government first put in place a slow process to eliminate the use of additional resources and completely eliminate it in 2022.
A profitable and emerging budget surplus of $4 billion in the 2019-20 fiscal year has been accelerated.
"And as a result of the withdrawal of payments for early childhood education, the Quebec government is making progress towards increasing the number of child tax credits announced in 2021."
"As of January 2020, the Quebec government said families in the region will receive an increase of $779 a year."
"This grant is tied to income, with a minimum of $1,000 fine of up to $2,515 a year."
"This new protocol applies to child equality, which is less than what the Liberal Democrats can afford to pay for the wider pension of the eldest child."
"Today, we will complete the implementation of a broad range of strategic investments for Quebec," Jarett said. "
"We’re bringing more money back to Quebec faster."
Former Nunavut MLA Peter Kattuk dies from illness
"Peter was respected for his efforts to provide services and environmental support"
"The Belcher Islands outfit is located in front of the Nunavut Court of Justice on Wednesday, November 20, night, in light of the former MLA and minister Peter Kattuk, who died the morning after a long illness."
"The Sanikiluaq Community Operator was stabbed on Wednesday, November 20 in front of the Nunavut Department of Justice in Iqaluit, in light of Peter Kattuk from Sanikiluaq, who died the morning after a long illness."
"Mr. Kattuk, 69, a respected MLA, Major and a community leader’s home, joined Nunavut at the beginning of February 15, 1999, when voters in Hudson Bay voted for the first Nunavut legislature and they had their first meeting on April 1 of the same year."
"Peter Kattuk (left) accompanied by former Commissioner of Nunavut Peter Irniq on April 12, 2000, when Mr. Kattuk was sworn in as Nunavut’s minister."
"At the beginning of the Legislative Assembly, Mr. Kattuk was the Minister of Culture, Language, Elders and Youth on April 12, 2000 when he replaced MLA Donald Havioyak, who resigned from his position."
"On December 17, 2001, Mr. Kattuk was removed from his portfolio as the Minister of Community and Government Services, which he held until 2004."
"And in 2004, Sanikiluaq voters re-elected Mr. Kattuk from Hudson Bay, as an MLA until 2008."
"Peter was an ambassador in Hudson Bay for eight years and he was twice elected and some of them are in my thoughts," Nunavut Speaker Simeon Mikkungwak said in a news release. "
"Born on June 2, 1950, Mr. Kattuk spent many years in Sanikiluaq on environmental issues, as mayor and community leader."
"In the early 1990s, he was a member of the Sanikiluaq Impact Review Board, which collects information on the effects of a significant amount of electricity that was generated near Northern Quebec as a result of the effects of ice and sea ice on the Belcher Islands."
That’s the result of a report entitled "Hudson Bay Neighbours: A culture known by Inuit and Indigenous people of Hudson Bay."
"As mayor of Sanikiluaq, Mr. Kattuk also used to express his dissatisfaction with the current withdrawal of the Churchill Power Plant from the water reservoir."
"Subsequent to that, Mr. Kattuk was a member of the Nunavut and Hudson Bay Working Group, named the Nunavut Hudson Bay Neighbours Regional Roundtable."
"The group, formed by the Government of Nunavut, Nunavut Tunngavik Inc. and the Hamlet of Sanikiluaq, is monitoring the progress of the neighbourhood of Sanikiluaq on the second hydro project proposal, which has been banned since then, by the Eastern Arctic and the Rupert River."
"And in 1996, Katak was a member of the Nunavut Impact Review Board, a body created in 1993 under the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement."
"Peter Kattuk speaks at the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut on February 19, 2008, at the end of his second term in Hudson Bay."
"Kunuk Tattuinee, the president of Arctic Co-operatives Limited, remembered Kattuk as a" catastrophic event, "and he graduated from the Marine Corps" Sea Refugee Foods in Sanikiluaq. "
"Paul Okalik, then the premier of Nunavut, appointed Mr. Kattuk as the Minister of Culture, Language, Elders and Youth in April 2000, saying Mr. Kattuk had produced Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit before it was too much information."
"Peter was involved in the study of Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit a long time ago when it wasn’t fully known," Mr. Okalik said in a news release in April 2000. "
"Prior to my career as minister in 2001, Mr. Kattuk had to deal with the" terrible "bedbug.
That happened when NTCL shipped the gasoline to Nunavut and destroyed the snowmobile engines in the Baffin and Kivalliq regions.
"During his tenure, Mr. Kattuk took a different approach: To the Government of Nunavut’s decision not to use NTCL and to reallocate fuel suppliers to the Woodward Group in Labrador."
"He ran for re-election in October 2017, but he was third after Allan Rumbolt."
"Peter was respected for his enthusiasm for career services and for his environmental efforts," Merkel said in a statement. "
"Nunavik’s new MLA says he intends to apply for housing funding, implement the UNDRIP (United Nations Empowerment of Indigenous Peoples) "
Sophie Perry is planning to visit in the New Year and search for an Inuktitut interpreter
Member of the Legislative Assembly Shelby Pereira won the Question Period – Jim Pay-Nunavik – Identity Awareness Day in the October federal election.
 (Photo courtesy of Chelsea Poppy / Facebook) 
The newly elected MLA for Nunavik wants to hear from Inuit leaders about their concerns.
Members of the Legislative Assembly, Shelby Pereira, won the presidential election by a whopping 37.7 per cent of the vote.
"While the Black Quebec MLAs are more vocal in French, he said he was looking for an Inuktitut translator to work with him."
"I want to make a clear statement on the needs of Indigenous communities," she said. "
"So far, Pope said there are two critical areas of urgency in Nunavik that he is aware of with respect to health and housing."
"Even though health care is a provincial jurisdiction, it’s a federal program," said Poppy. "
"In order to increase its health benefits, the federal government must consider how it allocates it."
Pauktuutit has been working on health issues for over 30 years.
"During the Black Quebec campaign, the group said the province needs 10,000 units over the next decade."
"In this case Pope has been talking about a lot, a lot of material for a variety of designs."
"If we want this new government to move the Liberal Party forward, then we have to find a solution," Pope said. "
"This new MLA may not be seen in Nunavik, but he hopes to attend the next annual general meeting of Makivik, which will be held in March."
"Following his election in Peru, Makivik President Charlie Watt issued a news release inviting him to visit Pope Bay as soon as possible."
"I look forward to meeting with him, and his support is welcomed by our efforts to support entrepreneurship and the implementation of the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples," Watt said. "
Consulting with Inuit leaders would be helpful in their work to help Makivik achieve its goal of self-reliance.
"Peru is in full support of the Constitution C-262, which would enable the United Nations to comply with the Charter of Rights and Freedoms for Indigenous Peoples."
"There are two different pieces of legislation that would replace him, ADP MLA Romeo Saganaj."
"Which was tabled in 2018, Bill C-262 was suspended by the Conservative Senator this spring but the Liberal government’s representative from the Senate, Senator Peter Harter, said that if elected, the Liberal government would have to implement the legislation."
"It is important for me to continue working on Bill C-262 in accordance with the Canadian Constitution of the United Nations on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples and the work of my replacement Romeo Calgary," Popovich said. "
"I will continue to support this project and I want to support Romeo in our future strategy.
It is unacceptable that Canada does not have a system in place until 2020. "
Trudeau government 2.0: Don’t expect too much.
"If you have a good idea, don’t expect too much."
"Jane Webb then served as Indigenous services minister on March 23, 2018, alongside ITK President Natan Obed, when she announced that the federal government would eliminate Inuit Nunangat by 2030."
Less than a year ago he resigned as a federal politician.
Or did you find that during the federal election campaign or any of the premiers did not specifically address the needs of Nunavummiut and other northerners.
That is no surprise.
"The more important politicians seem to think that the vast majority of Canadians, because in the south, there’s not enough voter turnout even if they’re talking about the North that the majority of Canadians have never heard of."
"The Liberal government made this known, in a way that sparked a backlash and revealed a much-delayed Arctic and Arctic policy framework a day before the election."
"During the campaign, primarily Indigenous perspectives, many northerners raised concerns, which were not taken lightly."
"As a result of a new decline in Justin Trudeau’s new government, and the panel was sworn in on its agenda last November 20, it is likely that they will continue to do so in a way that they don’t seem to care."
This is one of the signs.
That’s because of the noticeable promises made by the North since Trudeau’s government became president in 2015: Eliminate or impose 50 per cent (50 per cent) of tuberculosis in Inuit Nunangat by 2025 and eventually eliminate it by 2030.
"This included an initial contribution of $27.5 million over five years, which will be made" by four members of the Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami. "
"But it was suggested that it was a disaster as a result of its promise, starting with, that the TB genocide specialist for the federal government, Jane Webb, the former Indigenous services minister had said that."
He resigned from Trudeau’s lawyers on March 4 after he criticized Trudeau for not doing a good job on Judy Wilkinson-Raybould.
He did that within four days before Trudeau traveled to Iqaluit to apologize to Canada for inappropriate treatment of people with tuberculosis in the 1950s and 1960s.
"Since then, they have remained silent on the issue of Arctic tuberculosis."
"Despite all the campaigns, this was not done much."
"And so far, tuberculosis prevention has stalled."
"For example, in Nunatsiavut, where cases of tuberculosis occurred between 2006 and 2016 and recorded 248.5 per 100,000 people, the Department of Health has done only one community survey."
"They did this to Nine, in 2018, when there was a tuberculosis disease and a boy in a 14-year-old boy died at the hospital in Jane Johnston."
"In Nunavik, 313 people suffered from tuberculosis between 2006 and 2016, which is accompanied by tuberculosis in Inuit Nunangat, 234 of the 100,000 cases."
"But it doesn’t appear that there have been any community surveys in Nunavik since 2018, when the FBI issued a news release."
"Indeed Nunavut’s most recent population surveyed the outbreak of tuberculosis, when Stephen Harper and the Conservative Party became prime minister, long before Trudeau’s Liberal Democrats were elected."
"For Nunavut, there have been 670 people diagnosed with tuberculosis between 2006 and 2016, up from 171.8 out of 100.000 and there has been some work done on that."
 (One thing that has not been affected is the Inuvialuit region of the Northwest Territories.
"At that time, there was no confirmed cases of tuberculosis between 2007 and 2016."
Tuberculosis is a disease that is lacking.
That’s why we’re talking about it.
But it’s true.
"If people do not have adequate food and housing, tuberculosis can develop."
"On the other hand, poverty in Cape Dorset, where the 12-week TB test ended in May."
The 2016 unemployment rate was 27.3 percent.
"In 2015, the average age of 15 earned more than $18,933."
"From the 370 units, 120 units were in critical need of repair."
"According to the National Bureau of Statistics, the following 140 units of 370 units were reported as" uninhabitable "under the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corp. Act."
This means that there is a lack of classrooms per capita.
There are also a few people in Canada who are not provided with housing.
"It is no surprise that over the last 20 years, tuberculosis has been an emergency for Nunavut and other parts of the Arctic."
And it’s hard to imagine that tuberculosis could be eliminated in those communities unless there’s a major change in the way housing is increased and better.
"But during the last campaign, Trudeau’s lawyers did not offer any public housing, but reiterated their 2016 and 2017 budget commitments."
"In this case, they could not even be accused of violating their language, nor did they have any concerns about it."
"This also reveals what has happened to the national epidemiological emergency, where tuberculosis in Inuit Nunangat has more than 300 times the rate of tuberculosis among non-Indigenous Canadians born in Canada."
"In Nunavut, it could be worse."
Last year’s report found that one in 100 babies born in Nunavut may have this disease.
"When they are not overly concerned about emergencies of the disease, what is the concern of the Trudeau Liberal government about other issues such as mental health, community housing, more education and more?"
"If you have a good idea, don’t expect too much."
"Otherwise, plan for a bankruptcy."
"Note: The number of cases of tuberculosis sustained from Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami’s" Inuit Tuberculosis Elimination Framework ," released in November 2018."
Cape Dorset statistics from the Statistics Canada report collected in the 2016 census.
Nuliajuk will focus on new policing and equipment for Nunavik’s RCMP officers
Policing and use of body cameras has been put in place
The Katimajiit will launch a new RCMP and camera system in early 2020.
 (Photo courtesy of Elaine Andrew) 
"After months of severe staff shortages, Kativik’s entire community police force can now see its efforts to recruit additional officers,"
The Royal Canadian Mounted Police Superintendent Jean-Pierre Lawrence appeared before the committee to provide an update on the Katimajiit’s overall municipal government meeting on November 26 to date.
This included the passing of 10 new constables in every community by the RCMP from the Ontario Police Academy in the same week.
The hiring process also included people who had worked for the senior citizens who had retired to talk to them about employment at the centre.
"Due to failure to recruit, the centre in every community has RCMP detachments in Quebec with the RCMP, led by Sergeant Quebec."
"In September, there were 20 Quebec RCMP officers in Nunavik."
"Quebec’s police force has been declining slowly as the centre is trying to recruit all community constables, and Lawrence said in early 2020 that they may no longer use the Quebec police force."
Cultural awareness training begins
The Inuit cultural orientation training centre in every community was posted online on November 18.
"The training was organized by the Katimajiit of all communities of the RCMP and Laval University and included information on Nunavik’s issues, Inuit culture, and policing practices in the area of Nunavik."
"This is a three-hour training program and once completed it is assessed by a newly trained person, which is described as a job application."
"This training is intended to support the Katimajiit in choosing a culture of opinion," Lawrence said. "
"The second trainee is nine hours long and requires all officers to be trained, said Lawrence."
This is expected to be completed by the end of the new fiscal year.
Security cameras will be required for RCMP officers
Another area that was added to the RCMP and was appreciated by the members is the need to have security cameras in place for officers to work.
This is a pilot project and they’re using six cameras right now.
"This exercise was driven by Nunavik’s desire to bring the centre to every community where the RCMP can be more transparent in their work," Lawrence said. "
"The Katimajiit is aimed at ensuring that all community constables are able to access and live together."
Churchill Councillor Jobie Takiapik hoped that these cameras could help people who have had problems with the RCMP.
"We hear from the RCMP about inappropriate behaviour and they don’t want to say anything.
"They’re shocked by the police," Takiapik said. "
"These are body cameras that need to be used."
"He added that if only one or two police officers abused Inuit, this has a huge impact, and it becomes a concern for all the RCMP."
"He thinks that when they take photographs, they start taking photographs of what the RCMP is doing, in the short term."
Lawrence said those cameras will be in effect in January.
He added that the abusive and inappropriate actions will not only be offered by the RCMP.
"I also recently suspended a police officer last week for failing to comply with our mandate in Nunavik," he said. "
"We don’t want police officers especially in Nunavik."
Nunavut’s neighbours discuss renewable energy in the Arctic
"Representatives from Greenland, Canada and the United States discuss ideas and experiences"
"Bruno Pereira, president of the Qulliq Energy Corporation reveals at the Arctic Strengthening and Community Conference in Iqaluit, November 22, 2019."
 (Image courtesy of the American Consulting Group) 
Renewable energy experts from the Arctic gathered in Iqaluit on November 21 and 22 to consider and share their findings in the Arctic.
"Attendees from Nunavut, the Yukon, the Northwest Territories, Quebec, Newfoundland and Labrador, Greenland and the United States discussed the collapse of various activities in different communities."
"The merger, entitled Opportunities, Incentive New Technology and Entrepreneurship Studies (Improvement) operated, incorporating new technologies and engagement with stakeholders, was organized by the U.S. President of the Qulliq Energy Corporation and the Government of Nunavut."
"Bruno Pereira, the president of the Qulliq Energy Corporation, said the merger confirmed the problems."
"In light of the desire to invest in renewable energy in our communities, we really want to know what other people do, and to see how they have achieved their job or their collapse," Pereira said. "
"Pereira also said that despite the important gathering of representatives to discuss the issue of fossil fuels, Nunavut has a number of events here in Alaska."
"Some communities have access roads so they’re not in a small population in Nunavut communities.
"But like those of us who struggle, in this capacity, to deal with communities, we can see similar challenges."
"Chris O’Rourke, the executive director of renewable energy in Alaska, said Alaska’s energy contribution has contributed to renewable energy development."
"So we were able to build 80 communities that were able to use renewable energy on top of the diesel.
"We think that we now know how beneficial this is," Roos said. "
"This fund, which is designed to promote recycling in the economic development sector, is also a major contributor to Alaska’s reduction in energy costs."
"Roos said that in Russia’s south-west, five communities are working together to develop wind turbines and they’re using that for energy."
"Now there is a consolidated knowledge of how to manage and manage wind turbines and they can help each other to develop them," Roos said. "
"In Alaska, like Nunavut, home electricity bills are very expensive."
O’Rourke said communities are using wind turbines not only for electricity but also for heating fuel.
"What they have done is put small furnaces into public housing which are covered in diamonds that look like flooring.
"When the wind gets warmer, they go to the power plant, and they have set up a small tracking system for heating and electricity," Roos said. "
"These are covered in hot temperatures, which can remain warm."
"They can be turned off or burned in homes that are acceptable, and if they are stuck in a different heating system."
"But in Greenland, the installation of wind turbines has been difficult, according to News Eric Higgins, a technical expert on recycling in Nuuk."
"High temperatures and darkness have made it impossible for wind turbines to come to the south to be built in the Arctic, said Haggard."
"Higgins also said there were two wind turbines that were properly installed elsewhere in North Carolina, but they failed."
"We can also say that in Greenland we have chosen a more reliable source of resources.
"Even the two wind turbines that were installed in 200 different locations will be inspected and the other one in 150 sites will be inspected," he said. "
"One of the windshields fell, on the other hand, the fuel was too thick for the cold and the engine was damaged, Haggard said."
"During the 2019 federal election campaign, three politicians said that if elected, Nunavut’s Tesla fuel will be banned by 2030."
"While it may take some time to develop a recycling program that can be used in the Arctic, Higgins said the elimination of fossil fuels is urgent."
"We have to do something to get away from fossil fuels, for climate change, because there is already a problem now."
This is for legal purposes because if you’re not going to use fuel you have to have equipment but there’s no money.
"Financially good work, he said."
Pereira said it’s noticeable to have a conversation with Nunavut’s neighbourhood residents in the Arctic.
"I think that’s something else that needs to be considered, that’s how to start working towards implementing recycling."
Some people have used the technology and they have had problems with the southern counterparts but they can’t do it in the Arctic.
"If we are financially capable we will be able to track the problems," Pereira said. "
The Government of Nunavut must involve Inuit in the development of the Education Act: NTI
"This is an important policy change that will affect thousands of Inuit parents and Inuit children in Nunavut"
"Aluki Kotierk, the president of NTI, speaks during the Standing Committee on Legislation on Bill 25, an Act to Amend the Education Act and the Inuit Language Protection Act."
"By Aluki Kotierk President, Nunavut Tunngavik Inc."
Issue: Minister Joanasie’s Letter from Nunatsiaq News on Bill 25
"Minister Joanasie wrote a letter to Nunatsiaq News on November 25, 2019 concerning discussions between the Department of Education and Nunavut Tunngavik Incorporated concerning Bill 25, indicating that these discussions were conducted in a religious manner and offered NTI the opportunity to address their concerns."
In the minister’s view, he encouraged NTI to participate in public hearings and NTI’s hearings that the Government of Nunavut is looking at working with previous meetings.
That’s not the case.
"Inuit rights under Article 32 of the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement must be included in the development of social and cultural policies, as well as the development of social and cultural programs and services, including governance."
It’s a different foundation.
Bill 25 proposes amendments to the Education Act and the Inuit Language Protection Act to reflect the policies and procedures of the Inuit language.
The foundation for this policy change will affect many people with children and people with children in Nunavut.
"Meanwhile, Inuit have the right to participate in the development and restructuring."
NTI was not given the opportunity to participate in the development of policy proposals outlined in the proposed Bill 25.
"It is not only violating the government’s obligations as outlined in the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement, it is a practice that demonstrates that efforts have been made to achieve a common goal that is more inclusive of Inuit goals and objectives."
"NTI has been working with the Government of Nunavut, such as the Inuit Language Protection Act, the Official Languages Act and the Wildlife Act."
"Knowing that it can continue, NTI contacted the Premier and the newly elected government to co-ordinate and cooperate on Inuit priorities, including education, language and culture."
"The Department of Education did not submit the proposed legislation to NTI until August 31, 2018, when the department submitted a draft plan for community consultations."
NTI was given less than a week to study Bill 25 and to plan and prepare for the Nunavut consultation tour.
This is not a working relationship.
"The department coordinated the consultation process in the near future, and did not come up with any solutions or accommodation issues raised by the public, NTI and other organizations such as the District Education Authorities (District Education Authorities) and the Coalition of Nunavut District Education Authorities (CNDA) were also present."
"I further urge the Minister of Education to work with the Nunavut Land Claims Agreement to ensure that the mandate is fulfilled by Article 32, and that the department must take full responsibility for its purposes, obligations and obligations and adopts the honour of the Queen when it comes to partnering with Inuit."
"NTI believes the rewriting of the Education Act by passing the Inuit Participation in the Framework must change the way the department operates, and as a whole recognize the rights of Inuit," he wrote.
Aluki Kotierk
"President, NTI"
