Fire extinguished in french chemical plant
The big fire in a chemical plant considered particularly dangerous in the northern French city of Rouen has been extinguished. This is what Normandy prefecture shared on Friday. The fire had started the night of Thursday. No one was injured in the incident. The fire brigade was in action with around 200 extinguishing vehicles.
The fire could be stopped
Residents were called not to leave their homes. Buildings within 500 meters were evacuated, schools and kindergartens remained closed on Thursday. Additives for lubricants are manufactured at the chemical plant on the banks of the Seine River. The factory belongs to Lubrizol by US billionaire Warren Buffett and is subject to the so-called Seveso Directive of the EU, which requires particularly strict safety requirements.
There are around 400 people working in the plant. The chemical plant already made headlines in the past - for example, when gas methanthiol escaped through a leak in 2013 and the surrounding area smelled like rotten eggs. In 2015, after an industrial accident, around 2.000 litres of mineral oil flowed into the city's wastewater system.
Woman quit her job looking for her missing dog for 57 days
For two months, a woman from Washington searched for her missing dog - and quit her job extra. Seven-year-old border collie had escaped from the hotel room during a short break in Montana. 57 days missing the dog - but Carole King didn't give up.
′′ It was terrible. I got nauseous ", Carole King told ′′ Daily Inter Lake ". She and her husband had left dog Katie in the hotel room while they went out for dinner. When they returned to the hotel, Katie was gone. They searched for the animal, but to no avail.
Thunder panicked dog
Hoping Katie could still be somewhere at the hotel, Carole King went to the reception. ′′ The clerk says, ′′ She left about four or four and a half hours ago "", Carole King remembers to ′′ Daily Inter Lake ". When the automatic front door opened, Katie immediately ran out. Probably a loud thunder panicked the dog.
With flyers and views in Facebook groups, the Kings searched for their beloved dog. But days turned into weeks. ′′ I never gave up. I never lost hope ", Carole King told Daily Inter Lake, who quit her postal job to continue her quest for Katie.
′′ The tears flowed ′′
57 days after Katie's disappearance, Carole King got a call: A man reached out and said Katie was in his yard. But by the time King got there, Katie had already disappeared. She searched the neighborhood and suddenly her dog was under a tree. ′′ I just hugged her. I didn't want to let her go ", King recalled ′′ Daily Inter Lake ". ′′ The tears were flowing. People stopped in their vehicles, got out and hugged us. I think the whole neighborhood knew we had found them ".
Losses in the Bundeswehr: Machine guns disappear without a trace
Friday, September 27., 2019
Six MG3 machine guns are still missing.
In recent years, the Bundeswehr has lost numerous weapons and tens of thousands of bullets of ammo. There are also three machine guns underneath. The whereabouts are unclear in most cases. The opposition speaks of a ′′ scary ′′ extent.
In the Bundeswehr, weapons and ammunition keep disappearing - many of them so far without a trace. Since early 2014, the troop has recorded the loss of 39 guns, 39 gun parts and nearly 20.000 rounds of ammunition. This is from a classified list of the Federal Ministry of Defense, which the German editorial network reports on.
According to the paper from the office of Defense Secretary Peter Tauber from the CDU, two weapons, a gun part and 3474 rounds of ammunition have so far resurfaced. The still disappeared weapons and weapons parts are six MG3 machine guns, eleven G3 guns, four G36, guns, six signal guns and two zwei guns. In addition, there are missing 30 MG3 machine guns.
The scope of gun and ammunition losses in the Bundeswehr is ′′ scary ", said Left-wing member Martina Renner. This is all the more true, since hardly anything was found during the investigation. The left-wing politician spoke of a ′′ poor balance sheet ". Renner criticized that the listing does not reveal whether there is also the one involved in the investigation into the suspicion of the federal army officer Franco A, who is suspected of terrorism. has been found. ′′ And that though a supporter of Franco A. Recently convicted of possession of these ammunition ", Renner said.
Oil tanker ′′ Stena Impero ′′ left Iranian port
More than two months after its establishment by the Iranian authorities, the British oil tanker ′′ Stena Impero ′′ left Bandar Abbas port this Friday. As Refinitive's ship observation data showed, the tanker set in motion and left Iranian port. Port Rashid is the destination port in the United Arab Emirates.
The tanker had actually been released by the Iranian government on Monday, but initially it remained in Iranian waters. The shipping company said they wanted to wait for an official message from Tehran.
Stena Impero had been charged with violating security regulations by the Iranian Revolutionary Guards in Hormuz Seestraße on 19. July. However, Iran was suspected to respond to the controversial, temporary fixing of an Iranian oil tanker before Gibraltar belonging to Great Britain.
The road of Hormuz is one of the most important sea roads in the world. It connects the Persian Gulf to the Indian Ocean. Much of the global oil export is shipped through the strait. The tensions in the region have increased tremendously in recent months. Merchant shipping has been dragged into the US-Iran conflict. There were several incidents involving tankers and drones.
Merkel pays tribute to people's courage in the peaceful revolution
Chancellor Angela Merkel has appreciated the commitment of the people in the GDR who took to the streets 30 years ago during the Peaceful Revolution. In autumn 1989, courageous citizens would have waved the then GDR regime, Merkel said at a ceremony of the Thuringian CDU faction on the upcoming German Unity Day in Erfurt. The Chancellor recalled among other things the occupation of Stasi headquarters. ′′ State security has been taken away from terror ", she said.
Musk strives for delivery record
Tesla's quarter may have record ready. Despite the delivery boom, there were last losses at the electric car corporation.
NYC. Tesla boss Elon Musk has given his electric car company a strong boost on the stock market with the prospect of new record numbers. ′′ We have the chance to reach our first quarter with 100.000 deliveries ", Musk wrote in an email to Tesla staff published by the industry blog ′′ Electrek ",
Demand is strong, so Tesla could record orders in 110000, Musk's circular said. The challenge is to get the cars to the clientele quickly. To do so, Tesla has to offer as many resources as possible at the end of the quarter.
Investors liked this: Tesla's shares went out of trading with a plus of over six percent. The course hasn't gained this strong in almost four months. In the second quarter, Tesla had delivered over 95000 cars and thus achieved its best so far.
Musk needs records to reach his high goals. In 2019 he wants to deliver a total of 360000 to 400000 cars. This requires six figures in the current and next quarter. Especially the cheapest Tesla Model 3 is in demand, but here the profit margins are low. Despite the boom, there were last losses.
Riddle solved: That's why we can't tickle ourselves
Some kind of brake in the brain prevents people from tickling themselves. This is what scientists from Humboldt-Universität in Berlin found out with the help of experiments on rats, as they announced on Thursday evening. Progress has also been made on why children fight so hard against tickling, only to ask for more.
Finally, it also showed why the sewing of a tickling hand alone triggers laughter even before the touch. This is because of a deep layer in the brain, which already triggers laughter at the expectation of tickling.
According to previous research, rats react with ′′ laughter ′′ in the ultrasound area when they are tickled by humans. This ′′ laughter ′′ is conveyed by the part of the cerebral cortex, which serves the central processing of haptic perception.
Laughing is suppressed during self touch
So far, it has been assumed that the brain could distinguish between self-touch and touch by others - so that's why people can't tickle themselves. However, the Berlin researchers now found out during the experiments on the rats that laughter as well as the activity of the relevant area of the cerebral cortex are suppressed during a self-touch. This is also the case when living beings clean themselves. During the foreign touch and tickling by the scientists, however, the activity in the brain and the impulse to laugh were increased.
But if the self-touch and touch by others at the same time, laughter is suppressed as well. This suggests that the rat's brain could not distinguish between the self-touch and the touch by others. The new findings suggested that people can't tickle themselves because self-touch activates a brake in the brain.
The rats were also trained to tickle themselves. In doing so, they sometimes stopped this initiation prematurely in the experiment, showed escape behaviour or rigorous scare. This ambivalence is equal to children's behavior. The ambivalence of tickling is a behavioral reaction that is equal in rats and people.
Catastrophe averted: Big fire extinguished in French chemical plant
The big fire in a chemical plant considered particularly dangerous in the northern French city of Rouen has been extinguished. This is what the prefecture of Normandy told AFP news agency on Friday. The fire had started that night to Thursday.
According to the official information, no substances that are hazardous to health have emerged. Rehearsals taken don't give cause for concern, as Prefect Pierre-André Durand said at a press conference on Friday morning. No one was injured in the incident. The fire brigade was in action with around 200 extinguishing vehicles.
Schools and kindergartens have been closed
Residents were called not to leave their homes. Buildings within 500 meters were evacuated, schools and kindergartens remained closed on Thursday.
Factory belongs to Lubrizol by US billionaire Warren Buffett
Additives for lubricants are manufactured at the chemical plant on the banks of the Seine River. The factory belongs to Lubrizol by US billionaire Warren Buffett and is subject to the so-called Seveso Directive of the EU, which requires particularly strict safety requirements. There are around 400 people working in the plant.
The chemical plant already made headlines in the past - for example, when gas methanthiol escaped through a leak in 2013 and the surrounding area smelled like rotten eggs. In 2015, after an industrial accident, around 2000 litres of mineral oil flowed into the city's wastewater system.
Brexit: Johnson criticized by his own sister
The Prime Minister's sister commented on Boris Johnson's speech at the first session in Parliament after lifting the forced break on Wednesday evening. The premier threatens to lead the country out of the EU on 31. October without agreements should Brussels not comply with his demands for changes to the Brexit Agreement. However, how he wants to achieve this is unclear.
The premier said about Cox, who stood up for Britain's whereabouts in the European Union: ′′ The best way to honor Jo Cox's memory and to re-establish this country would be to complete the EU exit ". Cox had been murdered by a right wing extremist during the referendum campaign in 2016
Memorial to Oslo and Utöya attacks revealed
More than eight years after the attacks in Oslo and Utöya with 77 dead, a memorial is revealed in Norway on Saturday in honor of the victims. The monument ′′ Jernrosene ′′ (German: the iron roses) consists of about 1.000 iron replicas. They are reminiscent of the roses that thousands of people had put down in the days and weeks following the attacks in front of the Oslo Cathedral.
The project of artists Tobbe Malm and Tone Karlsrud will now be revealed in the same place - the roses were forged by people from all over the world, including survivors and victims. Crown Prince Haakon and Crown Princess Mette-Marit are expected for the opening.
On 22. July 2011, the right-wing terrorist Anders Behring Breivik had initially detonated a car bomb in Oslo's government district and then shot dozens of participants in a holiday camp of the youth organization of the Social Democratic Worker s' Party on the island of Utöya. A total of 77 people were killed in the attacks.
Iran releases British tankers
The UN General Debate did not bring a solution to the Iran conflict. But now there is one less problem. The British oil tanker ′′ Stena Impero ′′ captured in Iran was able to sail again. It could be a puzzle piece in Iranian President Ruhani's peace plan.
Stena Impero, captured in the Strait of Hormus in Iran since mid-July, is back in international waters. After Iranian authorities approved the ship is on its way to Dubai, as Stena Bulk announced.
Stena Impero has left Bandar Abbas harbor and the crew is now driving to Dubai for medical examinations, explains shipping chief Erik Hånell. At noon the ship left Iranian waters. ′′ Glad it's over ", he told Swedish TV station SVT.
The State Department in London called the ship's fixing was illegal. ′′ This is part of a pattern of attempts to interfere with sea freedom. We are working with our international partners to maintain shipping and international law ", said a message on Friday.
The Iranian Revolutionary Guards had fixed the tanker on 19. July accused of disregarding the law of the sea in the Persian Gulf. Seven of the 23 crew members had already been released early September. The remaining 16 crew members are doing well according to circumstances, Hånell said. They would have behaved professionally in the face of the difficult and exhausting situation over the past ten weeks. The shipping company is now working to reunite them with their families as soon as possible.
The British government suspected a reaction to a similar incident in Gibraltar after the establishment of the ′′ Stena Impero where a super tanker with oil from Iran was put on the chain at the beginning of July, said to have been destined for Syria. According to the authorities, the delivery violated EU sanctions against the war country of Syria. The British had received the reference to the ship from the USA.
Iran spoke of ′′ piracy ′′ and threatened with consequences. In mid-August, the ′′ Adrian Darya-1 ′′ was finally released. London vehemently rejected the assumption that it was a trade deal to release the ′′ Stena Impero
The road of hormus is one of the most important sea roads in the world. It connects the Persian Gulf to the Indian Ocean. Much of the world's oil export is shipped through the strait. The tensions in the region have increased tremendously in recent months. Merchant shipping has been dragged into the US-Iran conflict. There were several incidents involving tankers and drones.
Behind the tensions between Tehran and Washington is the nuclear dispute of both countries. Americans accuse Iranian leaders of wanting to build nuclear weapons. Iran rejects this. The US had left the international nuclear deal alone in 2018, which was intended to prevent Iran from building a nuclear bomb while ending its political and economic isolation. Since then, the US government has been pressuring the leadership in Tehran with massive economic sanctions against the country to force a stricter and expanded deal to other areas. Iran is resisting pressure so far.
Due to the dispute over the ′′ Stena Impero ′′ and other incidents with tankers in the Persian Gulf and oil facilities in Saudi Arabia, the US is working on a coalition to protect merchant ships in the region.
Iranian President Hassan Ruhani had presented a plan for security and peace in the Strait of Hormus at the UN General Assembly in New York. With the ′′ coalition of hope ′′ initiative for the Persian Gulf, Iran wants to ensure the safety of shipping in the Persian Gulf together with the Arab Gulf states and without foreign protection powers.
India is building a better future with its protectionist economic policy.
India would actually be predestined as a ′′ war winner Given the penalty tariffs imposed by America's President Donald Trump on Chinese manufacturers, foreign producers in the People's Republic are forced to re-dispute. Financial leaders of Asian companies considering moving their production from China to another country, in a survey by UBS, India is one of the preferred alternatives. This is not only related to the uncertainties of the Sino-American trade war. With a giant pool of young workers and a single market of 1,3 billion consumers, India seems to have a more significant role to play in the globally widespread production chain.
But now India itself has come into Trump's focus. Titled ′′ Kingdom of Customs ′′ by the Haudegen in the White House, America stripped the emerging country of trade advantages for 2000 products at the beginning of June. The US accuses India of prohibitively high tariffs and calls for better market access for agricultural goods, mobile phones, spirits, motorcycles and more.
On the world map of the trade wars, friction with India is, of course, just a side view. Moreover, America also sees the world's largest democracy through security policy glasses. Delhi and Washington unites concern over China's power claims in the South Indian Ocean. Against this background, a salvage of American penalties against India is unlikely to appear. India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who has just entered a second five-year term, should therefore be safe.
But the problem lies in another place: the empirically strengthened thesis that open markets are accelerating economic development is difficult in the socialist republic of India. Also under Modi. His zeal for reform is mainly aimed at the bureaucratic madness, which suffocated every entrepreneurial spirit in the multi-ethnic state for too long. Companies are now getting build permits for buildings faster. You benefit from a better energy and transport infrastructure, and a more tangible bankruptcy and bankruptcy law creates conditions for liquidating dead companies with high debts more quickly.
The success of these efforts can be seen and measured in the relevant rankings. From economic optics, many things have changed for the better in India during the first five modes. But that doesn't apply in trade policy. The national conservative government even built new barriers to protecting non-competitive companies from foreign providers.
In the West, Modi is dependent on the nimbus of the energetic reformer, who is economically radically renewing his country. This impression is due not least to the fact that the charismatic prime minister knows all too well which vocabulary Western managers please. At its core, however, the ′′ India First ′′ advocate never moved away from protectionist economic policies, preventing Indian companies from being forced to remove anachronistic processes and thus becoming fit for global competition. Businessmen who survive thanks to the closure of their industries are among the regular voters of Modi's nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party and clap this short-sighted policy.
Funeral of Jacques Chirac on Monday in Paris
Former French President Jacques Chirac is reported to be buried in Paris next week. The former head of state will be buried Monday in Montparnasse cemetery in the south of the French capital, reported AFP, calling on the Chirac family. The funeral will take place in a close family circle. A public funeral service was scheduled for Sunday at the Paris Invalid Dom, as media reported.
Taken the competitors to the finish line: Dabo is the first secret hero of the World Championships in Athletics
The world's top was already in the finish line when heartwarming scenes took place in the cooled down Khalifa International Stadium. In the first lead of men over 5000 meters, Jonathan Busby from Aruba started to fluctuate dangerously. He could barely keep himself on his feet 300 meters before the finish line, ran in unhealthy attitude when Braima Suncar Dabo from the West African country Guinea-Bissau suddenly undercut him and dragged him to the finish line supporting the last half-stadium round. But the forces were still enough for both to stop the running wristwatch after the finish. As if the scene wasn't already curious enough.
′′ I just wanted to help him. Anyone in this situation would have done the same thing ", said Dabo after the race in Mixed Zone as he totally unexpectedly attracted the attention of the journalists gathered. Shy he didn't want to talk about his exploits at all. Finally, he wanted to set up his personal best time and when he realized that this was going to be difficult, he just wanted to help a fellow suffering. And anyway, he would only be proud to represent his country invited to the World Cup by the World Federation. Under normal circumstances he shouldn't have even started. ′′ That's why I'm proud to walk here for my country ", he said.
That's what he did that evening - and much more intensely than he probably would have thought. Because this heroic act will be remembered. Especially since Dabo even left his competitor Busby in the finish line and voluntarily took over the last place - by the way, a good five minutes after Ethiopian Selemon Barega, who won this lead. In the end, it all had no use, because the Busby, who only came to the finish line with a lot of help, was disqualified by the World Athletics Federation at the end.
Dabo, who lives in Portugal and studies there in Lisbon, had competed to set up a personal best time at the World Cup in Doha. According to official data, this succeeded with 18:10,87 minutes, but he was still disappointed: ′′ I wanted to walk for 17:55 minutes. I've been under 18 minutes before ". However, only in training, best times don't count.
Millions of machines: Egyptians are gearing up for wild protest day
In Egypt, security measures have been reinforced in advance of possible government-critical protests. In central Cairo, an increased police presence was observed on Friday. Several metro stations remained closed, roads around central Tahrir Square were closed.
In the past few days, police had already increased their road checks and searched pedestrian cell phones in part for news and photos related to the protests. Hundreds had been arrested according to two non-governmental organizations.
Opponents of Al-Sisi
Last weekend there were protests with hundreds of participants in Cairo, Alexandria, Suez and Mansura. They went against President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi's government accusing corruption and mismanagement. There hadn't been such an open protest against political leadership in Egypt for years. Egyptian contractor and actor Mohammed Ali, living in Spanish exile, who started the demonstrations with video messages on Facebook, has called for a ′′ million march ′′ in central places in the country for today's Friday. Ali calls for a ′′ popular revolution ". The man is not a ′′ good ′′ for most young Egyptians either because he scored millions for the army as a subcontractor, but his messages are coming.
The number of arrests related to the protests continued to rise according to two groups of observers. The Egyptian Commission for Rights and Freedoms (ECRF) counted more than 1.570 arrests by Friday. The Egyptian Center for Economic and Social Rights (ECESR) and the Human Rights Watch (HRW) spoke of more than 2.000 arrests. Independently confirmed these figures at first. The government didn't confirm and comment on the figures either.
Arbitrary arrests
Many people were ′′ arbitrarily arrested ", just because they were 'in the wrong place' at the wrong time ", said HRW, calling for lawyers arrested. According to their lawyers, accusations against those arrested range from ′′ spreading false information ′′ to membership in a ′′ terrorist association ". Security forces surveyed and searched in uniform, but also in civilian clothing, in Cairo, Alexandria and other cities. Information also arbitrarily passers-by.
HRW also criticized censorship in the North African country. Accordingly, the government in Cairo is blocking websites and online services to prevent further protests against Sisi.
Online retailers: mail order dealers should be able to donate returns easier
For online retailers, lots of returned packages are lost goods. Around 20 million returns end up in the garbage. But there is an alternative.
The finance ministry has shown online retailers like Amazon and Zalando a way to donate returned products instead of destroying them.
Although companies cannot be exempted from the turnover tax on donations in kind, the ministry explained on a question from the Green Party Group on which the newspapers of the Funke media group reported on Friday. However, traders could set the market value of the unsold returns so low that they would not have to pay any or little sales tax.
Scientists from the University of Bamberg had determined that federal citizens send back every sixth package when placing orders on the internet. About four percent of the goods - around 20 million products - ended up in the garbage. Donating them would cost the companies additional money according to current legal situation, because the tax authorities assess donations in kind like a turnover, which then applies to turnover taxes.
Green faction leader Katrin Goering-Eckardt called on Minister of Finance Olaf Scholz (SPD) to clarify with a decree that companies can evaluate non-sales products accordingly and donate free of charge to non-profit organizations. Companies should be able to rely on not being punished for giving. This applies not only to online retail, but also to other stores from fashion store to hardware store.
Banksy art up for auction: there's never been a better time to sell this painting
The well-known work of Streetart-Star Banksy, ′′ Devolved Parliament ", will soon be auctioned off.
For Branczik, Banksy's work ′′ underlines the retrograde of the world's oldest parliamentary democracy into the basic attitude of animals and tribes ". From Saturday, the painting will be exhibited at Sotheby's in the British capital until it is scheduled to be auctioned off on October 3.... It is estimated at 1,5 to 1,5 million euros.
The work was first exhibited in 2009 at the Museum of Bristol, southwest of Great Britain, where Banksy lives. This year, the artist had re-exhibited the painting - at the same time as the original Brexit date on March 29. On this occasion, the work, which used to be called ′′ Question Time was renamed ′′ Devolved Parliament ′′ (′′ Delegated Parliament ′′).
The picture could change ownership for a million dollars.
Last Wednesday, Prime Minister Boris Johnson had delivered a hard strike exchange with the opposition at the first meeting of the House of Commons after lifting a forced break imposed by Johnson. Johnson wants to execute Brexit, which has already been postponed twice on October 31., even without an agreement with the EU if necessary.
It's not the first time Banksy, whose identity is still unknown, has interfered with the Brexit debate. In Dover, south-east England, he painted an image representing a man breaking a star of the European flag with a chisel. The plant sees thousands of truck drivers and other visitors every day as they enter the UK.
Brexit debate is like a ′′ walk in the park ′′
The British Prime Minister Boris Johnson's violent verbal attacks on opponents of Brexit in parliament, according to his top advisor, does not contribute to a climate of hate. Compared to the 2016 Brexit referendum campaign, the current controversy is a ′′ walk in the park ", Dominic Cummings said Friday at a book presentation. ′′ We are enjoying this. We will step out (EU) and we will win ".
Johnson had severely attacked Brexit opponents in parliament over the past few days and accused them of ′′ betrayal ′′ of the people. Allegations that he could put MPs in danger because they could become target of death threats, he dismissed as a ′′ humbug
Cummings said the only way to restart is if MPs would finally respect British decision to leave the EU. It is not surprising that people are upset that Britain still had not left the EU three years after the referendum.
In light of the charged mood, even the bishops of the Anglican church called for restraint on Friday. ′′ We should speak with respect ", said in a statement. ′′ And we should listen too ".
Pakistan's Prime Minister Khan calls for uno intervention in Kashmir
With an emotional appeal, Pakistan's Prime Minister Imran Khan once again called on the United Nations to intervene in the Kashmir conflict at his first appearance before the Uno General Assembly.
Otherwise, a new war between nuclear powers Pakistan and India is likely, Khan said Friday at the uno general debate in New York. ′′ If this goes bad, you hope for the best, but be prepared for the worst ". The United Nations has a responsibility for Kashmir. ′′ You should have stopped this ".
India and Pakistan have fought three wars since their independence from British colonial rule in 1947, two of them over the divided Kashmir region. Both nuclear powers each dominate part of Kashmir, another part belongs to China. At the beginning of August, India had stripped the Indian Kashmir region of autonomy, thereby increasing tensions in relation to Pakistan.
Not even a bottle of water
The protesters in Cairo demand the overthrow of Egyptian president al-Sisi.
The government is reacting hard to the current protests in Egypt. She lets the population shoot with sharp ammunition, over 2000 arrested join the 60.000 political prisoners in the jails. Protesting has never been safe in Egypt. But since General Abdel Fattah el-Sisi took power in 2013, the state apparatus has been doing everything possible to avoid a scenario like in times of the Arab Spring.
But one of the triggers for the 2011 protests was the poor economic situation. Poverty, lack of perspective and the feeling of being choked by your own government drove millions into the streets. And that's a problem that the regime of El-Sisi doesn't get under control, no matter how hard it goes against opponents. The situation has even gotten worse.
Today, one in three lives below the poverty line in Egypt. Since 2016, the currency has lost more than half its value, the inflation rate is ten percent. If you want to buy a bottle of water at the supermarket, you have to decide who to finance: Nestlé, Coca-Cola or the military. The latter is not only responsible for repression but also the largest economic player. The military builds streets, houses, football stadiums, produces food and much more. It was like this before El-Sisi. With authoritarian regimes, the Egyptian people have a lot of experience, even the dilemma in the supermarket is an old one. It becomes critical whenever large parts of the population struggle to afford a bottle of water at all.
Tüv exams in the terminal: BER boss: No more ′′ showstoppers ′′ for capital airport
Two months have been examined whether the complicated system mesh for BER fire protection works in interaction. The operators are happy with the course. But the Tüv is not finished at the BER yet.
After large-scale Tüv examinations in the terminal of the future capital airport, the operators confirmed the planned opening in October next year. This is certain, said Supervisory Board Rainer Bretschneider after a meeting of the Supervisory Board.
Airport chief Engelbert Lütke Daldrup spoke of a successfully completed examination, but also said there were still shortcomings in the terminal. ′′ We have many detail topics, but we don't have a real showstopper ". He assured the schedule until commissioning was still buffer.
However, there is evidence that the time reserve should not be too big anymore. The construction installation report will now be submitted to the construction office during the first quarter of 2020, at the beginning of the year it was planned for this fall.
Hundreds of flaws in power cables are still to be fixed; the Tüv wants to check them out until February. ′′ In order to create the conditions for the start of flight operations, it is necessary to continue to work hard on the processing of the defects ", said in a written notification.
Lütke Daldrup said in many cases it's about missing evidence, less about new cables. There is also no clearance for all the dowels on which the cable lines are attached. The airport manager expects this to be available by the end of the year.
In addition, the fire protection at the transition to the station under the terminal is not yet satisfactory. The problems had already led the project into another crisis three years ago. This time it's about smoke aprons that shut down like a canvas in a fire so the smoke doesn't spread. They're shutting down too far. 36 engines need to be replaced. Then there should be new experiments with hot gas smoke at the beginning of the year.
Fire protection issues and other construction defects as well as planning errors have delayed the opening of the airport for years. Originally it was scheduled to go into operation in 2011 Since construction began in 2006, costs have risen from two billion to around 6,5 billion euros for next year's opening.
Because the number of passengers in Berlin has increased significantly since then, those responsible are planning to expand the airport. That's what a special meeting of the Supervisory Board on October 18., as the chairman Bretschneider announced.
The airport company is now looking for two new CEOs. Finance chief Heike Fölster switches to Deutsche Bahn at the end of the year, HR Manfred Bobke-von Camen retires next year, as Bretschneider said. He thanked Fölster. She put airport finances on solid feet.
Chemnitz: Drug machines blew up - police arrest man
He needed money for drugs - and blew up several machines in the city of Chemnitz! Now the perpetrator is finally in custody!
Over the past two years, the number of blasted cigarette and parking ticket machines in Chemnitz and the region has increased significantly. There was a million in damage!
After two detonations, the police caught a 33-year-old German at the end of May on Bürgerstraße and on Further Straße in Chemnitz.
Police spokesperson Andrzej Rydzik: ′′ In the course of the investigation into the cause of explosive explosions in crime unit with particularly serious case of theft led by the Chemnitz criminal police, this suspicion against the 33-year-old was confirmed not only ".
Confronted with the new evidence, the 33-year-old Chemnitzer confessed to a total of eight acts.
The police spokesperson: ′′ With the loot, he apparently financed his narcotics dependence ". The bomber alone had blown up 2019 parking tickets machines on Bürgerstraße four times between August 20., 2018 and May 31., 2019
The total damage caused is at least 60 000 euros!
The machine bomber is now in custody. The police investigation against him continues.
Conceivable that he was also responsible for further machine explosives in Chemnitz and adjacent districts.
AUA takes over Eurowings flights from Vienna
The Lufthansa Group reverses its strategy for Vienna Airport. In the midst of the prize fight with cheap airlines such as Lauda, Wizz Air, EasyJet and Level, Lufthansa subsidiary AUA ′′ takes over the commercial control of all Eurowings flights from Vienna ", a press spokesperson of Austrian Airlines confirmed on Friday to the APA. Previously, ′′ AviationNetOnline ′′ had reported on this.
The Viennese base of the Lufthansa low-cost airline Eurowings will thus be dissolved de facto. Of the currently seven Eurowings planes, four remain in Vienna. From January 2020, AUA will take over this in the ′′ Wetlease ", i.e. including Eurowings staff. Three Eurowings jets will be stationed in Salzburg in the future, which will fly from Salzburg and Innsbruck as charter machines to holiday destinations. Routes from Vienna to Germany are taken over by Eurowings Germany.
The spokesperson explained that the Eurowings base in Vienna would be integrated into the AUA hub and network planning. Flight times are to be matched to connecting flights. The aim is, on the one hand, to strengthen the hub Vienna and, on the other hand, to expand decentralized traffic from the federal states.
As AviationNetOnline writes, Eurowings in Vienna only serves as the ′′ Production Company ′′ for the group sister AUA. Among other things, Barcelona and Rome would be operated with an AUA flight number, but mainly with Eurowings device. Although the onboard product should be adapted to that of Austrian Airlines, the pilots and flight attendants are from Eurowings. According to the report, Eurowings flights starting under AUA flight number will no longer be processed in Terminal 1, but just like the AUA in Terminal 3
A prize fight broke out at Vienna Airport after the Niki broke. Ryanair's daughter Laudamotion did not announce until Thursday that the fleet in Vienna would be expanded to 16 aircraft next summer. The Irish low-cost airline sends four Ryanair machines including crews to Vienna, also in the so-called ′′ wetlease ", which criticized the union as a bypass construct to the collective agreement.
On Friday, Ryanair's Chief Michael O ' Leary's fight announcement that Lauda will have overtaken AUA in five years replied to Andreas Otto: ′′ We will remain number one at the site, in five, six or ten years ".
Queen granddaughter princess Beatrice is engaged
Beatrice, Eugenie, William and Harry: When kids the cousins were best friends. Now the last of the four is getting married. Beatrice is engaged!
Wonderful news from the British Royals: During the Italian holidays early month, Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi (34) is said to have asked for the hand of his girlfriend Princess Beatrice (31). The palace announced this on Thursday.
′′ We are extremely excited to announce our engagement. We are both so excited to start this adventure together and can't wait to actually be married ", said the couple, who have been together since October 2018, in the official announcement.
And on: ′′ We share so many similar interests and values and we know that this will help us a lot in the coming years full of love and happiness ".
Sister Eugenie took the pictures
The official engagement photos captured her sister, Princess Eugenie (29), and also published them on her Instagram account.
A royal feast
The wedding is scheduled to take place in 2020 The palace will announce more information about the date, location and everything else in the coming months.
But it is certain that the marriage of number nine of the British succession and the real estate mogul will be a celebration similar to the marriage of Eugenie on October 12., 2018 with Jack Brooksbank (33).
Study on causes of heart disease
Smoking, obesity, unhealthy eating - there are risk factors for cardiovascular disease. But what really triggers heart weakness or heart attack? Hamburg researchers now want to take a close look at the genetic properties of 9000 healthy and sick people.
Through the analysis of the genetic material of 9000 people, Hamburgers and Swiss scientists want to find out more about the causes of cardiovascular diseases.
The research project is the largest of its kind in the German-speaking countries, the University Hospital Hamburg-Eppendorf (UKE) announced on Friday. The Kühne Foundation supports the project with 12,5 million euros. From Switzerland, the Davos high mountain clinic, which belongs to the foundation, and the University Hospital Zurich are involved.
Overweight, smoking and unhealthy eating are one of the essential influential risk factors for cardiovascular diseases. Genetic factors determine the risk. But the interplay between genes and external influences is insufficiently known, they said. Now the scientists want to compare the complete genetic material of 8000 healthy people to that of 1000 former patients of the University Heart and Vascular Center at the UKE.
Currently, more than 4000 of the approximately 20.000 relevant human genes are known to potential disease-causing changes in DNA - so-called mutations - as the clinic said. Every year around 200 would be added.
According to the initiators, the five-year project aims to develop new options for preventing, detecting and treating arrhythmia, heart weakness and heart attacks. The data could also be used in the research of other common diseases, according to Stefan Blankenberg, head of the University Heart and Vascular Center. New insights on the interaction between heart and brain, heart and kidney as well as cancer are possible.
The chairman of the Kühne Foundation, Klaus-Michael Kühne (82), also stressed that there is a firm will to use the data to explore other diseases. The Foundation's clinic in Davos has so far been dealing with allergies. Now a Center for Cardiovascular Precision Medicine should be created on the local medical campus and a professorship of bioinformatics should be created. To justify his commitment, the logistics contractor living in Switzerland said that he had operated on the open heart three years ago in Hamburg and very grateful.
The bioplastics of the healthy participants come from Hamburgers, who are also participating in the ′′ Hamburg City Health Study With 45.000 subjects, this is the largest local health study in the world, according to the clinic. In the decryption of genetic properties, the scientists assured strictly care to protect the anonymized data. It's about a petabyte (1000 terabytes) of data, said Holger Moch from the University Hospital Zurich.
According to UKE, someone's genetic material can be decrypted within 24 hours today. The pure material costs for this would be 1300 euros. The first genetic sequencing worldwide, whose results were published in 2001, cost several hundred million euros. The study is scheduled to start on October 1., and by the end of 2020 all 9000 samples will be analyzed. The following year, initial results are expected.
Nigerian police frees hundreds of abused boys
In Nigeria, police have freed more than 300 tortured and abused boys from a Quran school. Security forces searched the school in the North Nigerian city of Kaduna after clues from residents and discovered the partly minor victims, as police spokesperson Yakubu Sabo announced. ′′ Victims were abused. Some of them claimed to have been raped by their teachers ", Sabo said.
The boys were held under the pretext of being taught and ′′ improved ′′ in the Quran. Indeed, the. About a hundred students, including children aged nine, had been chained up in a small room.
According to the Quran school, the school of Quran has existed for about ten years. Residents would have drawn the attention of the authorities to repeated irregularities in the facility. The parents would have been shocked when they were educated about the conditions in Quran school, Sabo said. They wouldn't have known about their children's sufferings. The operator and six employees were arrested according to police.
There are many private Quran schools in mostly Muslim northern Nigeria. They replace the often poor state institutions. People in the region suffer frequent attacks by armed gangs. According to the UN Refugee Fund, more than 40.000 people have fled across the border to neighboring Niger in the last ten months.
Chained and tortured: Nigeria police frees 400 children from school
Police officers have freed nearly 400 students from horrific circumstances in a school in northern Nigeria. ′′ Many of them were chained up and some had visible injuries suggesting torture ", said police spokesperson Yakubu Sabo in the city of Kaduna.
There the children had been discovered on Thursday after a hint in an Islamic school. The conditions there were ′′ unworthy ′′ The officials arrested the headmaster and six teachers after the liberation operation.
The children, all boys, were held at their school like slaves and laid on chains. Some were sexually abused. TV pictures showed emaciated and injured students in a noticeably poor state of health.
World soccer election: further accusations after Messis and Klopp's freestyle
Soccer ′′ signature not valid ′′
Jürgen Klopp, Lionel Messi and Megan Rapinoe awarded
With a Gala in Milan, the World Football Association Fifa distinguishes the best player, best player and best coach of the year. For Lionel Messi, it's the sixth honor and thus record.
After Nicaragua's captain declared he never voted in the world footballer election, accusations of Fifa are coming from other countries. Egypt was not evaluated at all - on a curious reasoning.
Much of Fifa has proven to be odd in recent years: the World Cup award, dubious plans of its president Gianni Infantino, the general conduct of various corrupt officials. However, the Fifa World Footballer election has not yet been suspected of being unclean - if one refuses to vote for the voting national coaches and national team captains of the member associations often vote for sympathy rather than by objective assessment.
But after Nicaragua's captain had already complained that he did not vote at all, further inconsistencies have now come to light: Egypt complains that the voices of national coach Hossam El-Badry and captain Mohamed Salah were not taken into account. In fact, they don't appear in the official and publicly viewable voting overview.
Fifa apologizes that ′′ the signatures on the electoral forms were in capital letters and therefore not valid I have contacted the Egyptian association several times to clarify the situation - without an answer.
Sudan's coach surprised too
There is also an outcry from Sudan regarding the election. While the situation in the case of Egypt is comprehensible, the Sudanese association states that coach Zdravko Lugarisic did not vote as it was finally evaluated: with Lionel Messi in number one, Virgil van Dijk on two and Sadio Mané on three. According to Fifa, however, the vote was received the same way, with signatures and official stamp of the Sudanese association.
Nicaragua's captain Juan Barrera also accused: ′′ Didn't vote for the #TheBest2019 Awards. All information about my voice is false, thank you ", he wrote. In his case, it was suspected that the Nicaraguan football association simply voted on his behalf.
The news came from the association on Friday: True, but of course it was not intentional. The completed electoral documents were ′′ mistakenly ′′ accompanied by the name and signature of Juan Barrera, captain of the Nicaraguan selection, said in a message from the association. But I actually voted for the second captain Manuel Rosas. ′′ We take responsibility for the administrative error ", the communication said. Both Rosas and team coach Henry Duarte would have voted for Messi, ′′ just as it is on the official list of FIFA ".
The other cases are now being investigated by Fifa in an investigation, but stresses that the electoral process was supervised externally by the advisory company PriceWaterhouseCoopers. As long as Lionel Messi remains an undisputed winner of the world footballer election - and Jürgen Klopp World Coach of the Year.
Ukraine affair: High-ranked Republicans speak out for official investigation
Two senior Republicans have spoken out openly for an official investigation against US president and party friend Donald Trump. ′′ I think the investigation is important ", said the Republican governor of Vermont, Phil Scott. ′′ Where this leads from here is determined by the facts that are found ". He wants to know more about the whistleblower affair before action is taken. An impeachment procedure can lead to the removal of the president.
Scott said he wasn't surprised by the revelations. These had shown that Trump repeatedly urged Ukrainian president Volodymyr Selenskyj to investigate the activities of the Democratic presidential candidate and former vice president Joe Biden in Ukraine in a telephone call. According to Scott, Trump has been watching Biden ′′ for years ".
Republicans have so far held back with criticism of Trump for the whistleblower affair, few have shown discomfort because of it. Scott's statements are now a first sign of this in Trump's party. Virginia's moderate governor had already turned against Trump's policy several times, such as easing environmental protection regulations and tightening immigration regulations.
As another senior Republican, Charlie Baker, Governor of Massachusetts, spoke out for the investigation. ′′ It's a deeply disturbing situation ", Baker said. ′′ The right course of action and responsibility for Congress now is to investigate the matter and get to the bottom of it ".
Scott and Baker, as governor of US states, have no formal say in proceedings against Trump, which is being decided in Congress. Her statements are therefore symbolically important above all. Nevertheless, Republican s' first senators have also critically expressed their views on the situation. For example, Mitt Romney, representing the state of Utah in the second Chamber of Parliament, said the case is ′′ extremely disturbing, deeply disturbing ". US media also reports that first cracks have been found among Republicans.
The affair could lead to impeachment proceedings against Trump, the Democrats in the House of Representatives have announced an investigation into this. They accuse him of abuse of power for the purpose of foreign influence for his own political benefit.
There is no exact timetable for the impeachment process. With their majority in the House of Representatives, the Democrats could make a so-called impeachment. However, the decision to actually impeachment would be made in the Senate, where Trump's Republicans have the majority. The prospects of such a procedure are therefore low. So far, no US president has been removed by an impeachment procedure of office.
Were torturers on board Rackete's ′′ Sea Watch "?
Three men have been arrested in Sicily, reportedly raped and murdered in Libyan refugee camps.
German captain Carola Rackete (31) was arrested in June after she illegally steered the port of Lampedusa by the rescue ship ′′ Sea Watch 3 ′′ and 53 Libyan refugees on board. After severe protests and international criticism - also by Austria's Federal President Alexander van der Bellen - her grounding was lifted after a few days by an Italian judge.
Now new serious accusations against racketeers are getting loud. Three men accused of torture in Libyan refugee camps may have arrived in Italy with the ′′ Sea-Watch 3 Suspects were caught in a reception camp in Messina, Sicily, after migrants recognized their tormentors in Italy. ′′ We can't rule this out, but we don't have any secured information on it ourselves ", said ′′ Sea Watch "- spokesperson Ruben Neugebauer of the German press agency.
Police said in mid-September that the suspects in the North African country had raped, tortured and even murdered. It's Mohammed C. (27) from Guinea, and the two Egyptians Hameda A. (26) and Mahmoud A (24). ′′ The migrants were systematically harassed and atrocities suspended - through repeated and constant physical violence ", the message said at that time.
NGOs and aid organizations now point out that they can't exactly know who's coming on the ships. ′′ We can't scan who people are. They come without passports ", Neugebauer said. Torture is one of the main reasons why people flee Libya. It is therefore quite likely that perpetrators are also on the ships. ′′ It is therefore very important that this is followed up ".
Italy's right-wing ex-Interior Minister Matteo Salvini immediately called for an apology from Rackete, who is still under investigation in Italy for aid to illegal immigration.
Musk strives for delivery record at Tesla
Tesla boss Elon Musk has given his electric car company a strong boost on the stock market with the prospect of new record numbers.
′′ We have the chance to reach our first quarter with 100.000 deliveries ", Musk wrote in an email to Tesla staff published by the industry blog ′′ Electrek ",
Demand is strong, so Tesla could record orders in 110.000, Musk's circular said. The challenge is to get the cars to the clientele quickly. To do so, Tesla has to offer as many resources as possible at the end of the quarter.
Investors liked this: Tesla's shares went out of trading with a plus of over six percent. The course hasn't gained this strong in almost four months. In the second quarter, Tesla had delivered over 95.000 cars and thus achieved its best so far.
Musk needs records to reach his high goals. In 2019 he wants to deliver a total of 360.000 to 400.000 cars. This requires six figures in the current and next quarter. Especially the cheapest Tesla Model 3 is in demand, but here the profit margins are low. Despite the boom, there were last losses.
US budget dispute: again just bridge financing
The new fiscal year will begin in the US on October 1. without a proper budget. The Senate followed the House of Representatives on Thursday and has decided transitional funding by November 21.
Although American Congress and President Donald Trump agreed in August on an increase in spending ceilings for the 2020 and 2021 financial years, the United States is once again there without spending plans before the new fiscal year commencing October 1. The Senate followed the House of Representatives on Thursday and has decided on a continuous resolution (CR) until November 21. Without such a decision, there would have been a shutdown on Monday at midnight, a partial closure of the federal administration. President Trump has yet to put the decision into effect.
Shutdown averted
For the time being, the federal administration is now financed at the level and in line with the priorities of the spending plans for the financial year 2019, which ends on Monday. This because Congress couldn't agree on the 12 spending laws in time that allocate the funds to the different departments and authorities. For the time being, the Federal Administration cannot therefore go beyond the 1,3 bio for the new financial year. on 1,4 organic. Benefit from expanded spending frameworks.
The Democrats have completed ten of the twelve laws in the House of Representatives where they have the majority. Spending laws reflect Democrat s' priorities, which have little chance in the Republican-dominated Senate. Conversely, the Senate also has ten of the twelve spending plans more or less ready, which are hardly capable of majority voting.
The spirits are mostly divorced on the issue of resource allocation for domestic security and border security. In the Senate, Republicans are apparently trying, 12 billion. Forcing $ for wall construction, one of President Trump's great priorities. Democrats are disturbing the wall building plans and their funding, which is actually intended for other military buildings and projects. The dispute over the construction of the wall had escalated as early as December 2018 and had led to a 35-day shutdown.
The spirits are divorced at the brick construction
It is unclear at the moment how the parties want to get closer on this issue. More likely than an agreement on all twelve spending laws in the next seven weeks is an extension of transitional financing beyond November 21. Even a shutdown is not ruled out.
Against the backdrop of Congress's ongoing inability to agree on the twelve spending laws in a timely manner, and the associated risk of shutdown, ideas for automating the process are gaining popularity. Submission S. 1877 to avoid shutdowns, the federal administration's funding would automatically continue at the previous year's level, stop the travel activities of parliamentarians and withhold their wages until the new annual spending plans were made.
France allows artificial insemination for lesbians and singles
In France, artificial insemination will also be open to women and lesbians living alone in the future: the Paris National Assembly voted by a large majority in favour of a government bill under which all women can claim in vitro fertilization. This should increase the demand for anonymous sperm donations significantly.
The submission still needs the Senate approval. In the three-day emotional debate, critics in the right-wing camp warned that numerous ′′ children without a father ′′ could grow up in the future. The French Bishop s' Conference is also against innovation.
The new regulation is the core part of a bioethics law defending Minister of Health Agnès Buzyn as an ′′ opportunity ′′ for society. It depicts the modern family where there are children with only one parent or homosexual parents. According to their idea, the costs of artificial fertilization for all women will be borne by social security.
Fertilization with sperm from dead husband further prohibited
By a close majority, the National Assembly rejected an amendment intended to give widows access to their dead husband's sperm for artificial insemination. In Belgium, Spain and the UK, artificial insemination is allowed ′′ post-mortem ′′ There have been cases in Germany in the past where women complained in vain for the release of a deceased sperm. The opponents of the advance in Paris argued that such a child then carries a ′′ particularly severe fate ".
Numerous members of the governing party La République en Marche (The Republic on the Move, LREM) of President Emmanuel Macron and opposition members spoke out in favour of artificial insemination with the sperm of the late partner. They stressed that a widow would be given a ′′ double grief ′′ if her husband's death would also leave her desire for children unfulfilled.
The initiators of the now failed amendment consider it unfair that a widow can in future be fertilized with the sperm of an unknown person, but not with that of her own partner.
So far, artificial fertilization is only allowed in France heterosexual couples who cannot bear children. They must be married or live together for at least two years. Buzyn had already announced in the summer that surrogacy would remain banned.
In Germany, artificial insemination is theoretically open to all women - it is still often difficult for single or lesbian couples.
Climate compensation: Calling for flight levy for universities is getting louder
There's a lot of flying at the universities. That's why the country wants to have a climate levy paid there in the future. Rectors say they don't have money for it. But now they are also under pressure internally.
The universities should also limit themselves when flying. Photo: dpa / Julian Stratenschulte
The discussion on climate levy on flights from universities and universities postponed before the summer break is back in the mood. After the state rector s' conference had sceptical responses to a corresponding advance from the green-black coalition, the plans are now receiving support from universities. In a joint statement, the PhD students from six universities in Baden-Württemberg and one Pedagogical University plead for a compensation of service flights. This was the first step ′′ urgently needed ′′ and at the same time there must be a broad debate on the avoidability of flights, says its opinion. Meanwhile, the cabinet decision originally planned in July is still on hold because the CDU has still not approved the presentation of the Greens.
Russia once again arrest North Korean fishermen
According to the secret service FSB, the arrested are said to have illegally fished in Russian waters. Ten days earlier, 161 fishermen from North Korea were arrested. Back then there was a gunshot between the border guards and the boat crew. Three Russians and one North Korean were injured, the fisherman later succumbed to his serious injuries. This time there were no injuries, they said.
Communist North Korea is suffering from chronic food shortage. The North Korean fishermen were therefore travelling in Russian territorial waters. According to Russia's coastal guard is driving patrols there to protect its marine biological resources.
30.000 squid seized
During the re-checks, 30.000 squid on the boats were detected and confiscated. In addition, according to three fishing and two motorboats, the data were seized and brought to Nachodka and Posjet near Vladivostok.
Russia's fishing authority had not issued fishing licences to the North Koreans this year, even after complaints by local entrepreneurs. According to the media, thousands of North Korea fishermen have been arrested there for a while this year.
The head of the association of Russian fishing companies in the Far Eastern Primorje region, Georgi Martynow, also recently complained of severe ecological damage caused by North Korean fishermen. They were fishing with close-mesh synthetic nets banned in Russia. With these, small beings would also be taken out of the sea. In addition, the nets would simply be disposed of in the ocean, where it would take them 200 years to be decomposed.
Only 18.000 left in the future: US cuts asylum cap
The ′′ most generous nation in history ": Donald Trump, here at a meeting with elected police officials in the White House.
The world's wealthiest country is shutting down against seekers: Foreign Ministry confirms in Washington, the upper limit for refugee s' legal influx is being further lowered. In the future, threatened believers and Iraqis will receive asylum.
The US government wants to lower the already historically low limit for the acceptance of new refugees again. In the 2020 marketing year, which runs in the United States from October 2019 to September 2020, a maximum of 18.000 people will be allowed into the country, as the US State Department stated. In the almost expired marketing year, the limit is still 30.000 people.
President Donald Trump's administration has drastically reduced the willingness to accept protection seekers from all over the world in recent years. Under the predecessor government of Barack Obama, far higher admission limits had applied.
The targeted upper limit of 18.000 refugees would be the lowest since the US Refugee Program was introduced in 1980. The State Department nevertheless called the US the ′′ most compassionate and generous nation in history ", a phrase that strongly supports the language use of the reigning US presidents.
′′ Responsible handling ′′ of refugees aims to enable refugees to return to their home countries to help reconstruction there, Trump explained. For his hard course in migration politics, he gets a lot of encouragement from supporters, but there is also massive criticism.
A big point of dispute is the border with Mexico that Trump wants to lock down. In order to finance the construction of a border wall, Trump had imposed the National Emergency. It is unclear whether there is a temporal link between the current measure and current domestic developments in the US capital. Trump is currently under pressure over the Selenskyj affair and a possibly impeachment trial.
According to the Foreign Office, the US government wants to focus on the inclusion of two refugee groups in the future: people being persecuted for their faith - and Iraqis who helped the US military in the country and thus endangered how from the statement by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs A maximum of 1500 refugees will be welcomed from Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador.
The US wants people from this ′′ northern triangle ′′ of Central America in particular to apply for asylum in other countries. Against this backdrop, the United States has only concluded with Guatemala and now also with El Salvador and Hondura's migration agreements to contain immigration at the US southern border with Mexico.
Court orders release of orangutan from zoo
An orangutan female has been transferred from the former Buenos Aires zoo to a supervising station in the US at the request of Argentine judiciary. Sandra, born in 1986 in the Rostock Zoo, was granted the rights of a ′′ nonhuman person therefore her release is mandatory. The animal was brought to Dallas by direct flight on Thursday evening - not as a passenger, but in the cargo hold, as lawyer Andrés Gil Domínguez explained.
Since the 53 kilograms human monkey is unable to adapt to life in the wild, she will live in the open enclosure of the Center for Great Apes in Florida in the future. There are already 21 more orangutans and 31 chimpanzees, including ′′ Bubbles ", formerly pet by pop star Michael Jackson. However, ′′ Sandra ′′ has to go through a roughly 40-day quarantine at Sedgwick County Zoo in Wichita, Kansas, before moving into Florida.
After her birth in Rostock, Sandra spent a few years at the former Ruhr zoo in Gelsenkirchen before being moved to Buenos Aires in 1995 The ′′ Sandra s' fundamental rights ′′ trial, which was initiated by animal rights in 2014, contributed to the transformation of the Buenos Aires zoo into an ecopark. Until 2023, a research and educational facility to preserve biodiversity will be established there.
Record for Swiss extreme mountaineers: 550 meters in 46 minutes
The extreme mountaineer Dani Arnold has succeeded in a new hussar ride on the almost 3000 meter high Großen Zinne in the Italian Alps.
Without net, double ground or other aids, the Swiss defeated the 550 meter high north face of the Great Zinne in a new record time.
Dressed with jeans, t-shirt and only supported by absolute hoax freedom, Arnold needed 46 minutes and 30 seconds to climb. With this he undercut the old best mark by almost 19 minutes.
Arnold is now a record holder in Free Solo Speed on four of the six most important European north faces.
Nike benefits from new online marketing strategy
The US sporting goods manufacturer Nike has recorded a significant profit plus despite the trade conflict with China. Net profit increased to $ 1,4 billion in the past quarter (almost € 1,3 billion). That's 25 percent more than last year's period, as the group announced on Tuesday. The main reason for this is the new marketing strategy ′′ Nike Direct ", with which the Adidas competitor directly addresses its customers online.
Turnover increased to $ 10,7 billion in the three-month period until the end of August. Nike sales increased the strongest in China with a plus of 22 percent. In doing so, the Beaverton Group in the US state of Oregon also benefited from its approach to target consumers directly via the Internet or smartphone apps.
Finance chief Andy Campion announced that Nike will continue to drive the ′′ digital transformation ′′ of the sporting goods manufacturer with strategic investments, thereby expanding its competitive advantage. Investors responded to the quarterly figures - the shares of the sporting goods manufacturer increased by more than five percent.
Lifelong stadium ban due to racism in Italy
Due to racist comments about football professional Juan Jesus of AS Rome, the club from the Italian capital imposed a lifelong stadium ban on a fan. Brazilian-born defender Jesus had been berated by the fan on Instagram. Jesus then published the private messages and called on his club to take action. ′′ @officialasroma You already know what to do with such a fan. #NoToRacism. Proud to be who I am ", wrote the 28-year-old who has been playing with AS Rome since 2016
The club responded late Thursday. He reported the fan's account to Instagram and police. In addition, the Roma supporter should never visit another game of the club, wrote on Twitter.
Racism is a problem in Italian football. Italian fans regularly scandal racist abuse against black players of rival teams. ′′ We can't have racism in society or sports. The situation has not improved in Italy and this is very serious. You have to identify those responsible and kick them out of the stadiums ", Fifa President Gianni Infantino said over the weekend. The occasion of the statement was racist chants at the first league match between Atalanta Bergamo and AC Florence last Sunday.
But there were also discussions about the followers of Juventus Turin. The Italian authorities have now placed stadium bans on 38 randaling fans of record champion Juventus Turin. Four of them should no longer enter the stadium for a period of ten years, police reported. The rest of them therefore prohibits from four to seven years.
Fans are connected to ongoing investigation into twelve leaders of ultra-fan groups around Juventus. Among other things, the twelve are accused of severe blackmail, money laundering and private violence. The club started the investigation with an ad last year.
According to Italian media reports, ultra leaders are supposed to be behind the black trade in tickets. They would have ′′ military controlled ′′ ticket trade for the fan curve and were said to have blackmailed Juventus staff to get cheaper cards.
Generation Z: Are they really different from Generation Y?
Millennials are narcissistic, Generation Z is political - whole vintages are considered with grave names. If you look closer, the awards are full of contradictions. So how well do these labels describe the sense of life of young people?
′′ The crabs are coming!" This reputation officially started on September 21. th at Gucheng Lake in Gaochun, which also ushered in the opening event of the 19. th China Gaochun Gucheng Lake Crab Festival, as the public relations department of the Nanjing-Gaochun district committees announced.
Gaochun, which forms the southern foothill of Nanjing in Jiangsu province, is one of the national low-emission zones. The city is the first international ′′ slow city ′′ in China and here is also the Chinese headquarters of the international ′′ slow city ′′ movement. The city has ecologically ideal conditions with a mixture of ′′ 30 percent mountains, 20 percent water areas and 50 percent fields ". The great natural environment of Gaochun offers its residents all the conditions to become rich...
The people of Gaochun started crab breeding as early as the early 1990 s. Over time, the crab industry has evolved into a formative industry that provided high income and became an important part of the economic development of Gaochun. In recent years, Gaochun has actively sought a large-scale, ecological and scientific development of crab farming as well as a technology-based crab farming. And the city has taken care of promoting more efficiency in agriculture and farmer s' incomes.
Over the past few years, Gaochun has moved forward with a reform on ′′ distribution of power, optimization of administration and government services and with care the service network for ′′ approvals under one roof, a law enforcement team, a network for services, a platform for ′′ built up the lending This is how the city wants to broadly optimize the environment for approvals, services and development.
Gaochun takes full advantage of local advantages by connecting to southern Jiangsu and southern Anhui and uses the development zone and its position as an international ′′ slow city ′′ as flagships to provide intelligent high-end production companies, biomedical and medical technology companies, for energy storage and environmental protection, from the cultural and health sector as well as organic farms, which are the leaders in the ′′ 3 + 2 ′′ sector. At the same time, Gaochun has encouraged the establishment of a national tourist zone covering all areas and tourist destinations of national importance. The ecological and cultural resources of the Gaochun landscape were integrated, the state of buildings for civil services and public service were significantly improved, the areas ′′ tourism ′′ and ′′ tourism ′′ were energetically developed and the development of cultural tourism at a high level of quality forwarded. Worth looking forward to the future of Gaochun.
Iran-US conflict: Ruhani talks about end of sanctions - Trump contradicts
Iranian President Hassan Ruhani has spoken of an alleged US offer to lift sanctions upon his return from the UN General Assembly. In exchange for talks with the Tehran leadership, the United States had planned to end all sanctions, Ruhani explained on his official website.
US President Donald Trump, however, disagreed with Iranian counterpart via Twitter: ′′ Iran wanted me to lift the sanctions imposed on him so that there may be a meeting. I said, of course, no ".
Ruhani describes what happened this way: Chancellor Angela Merkel, British Prime Minister Boris Johnson and French President Emmanuel Macron were present in New York and insisted that a meeting would take place. ′′ And America says I lift the sanctions ", added Ruhani. The kind of penalties that should be ended was up for debate. ′′ And they clearly said we lift all sanctions ".
However, this advance was not done in an acceptable way, Ruhani criticized. Given the current penalties and ′′ the poisoned atmosphere of maximum pressure no one can predict the outcome of negotiations.
At the beginning of the week, Chancellor Angela Merkel had met with Ruhani in New York. The background was the hope of Europeans to save the nuclear deal negotiated with Russia and China with Iran. This is intended to prevent the Islamic Republic from developing nuclear weapons. France's President Emmanuel Macron, like Merkel, had expressed the hope that Ruhani will meet with US President Donald Trump.
Severe earthquake near Istanbul - Almost 200 aftershocks
As Western Turkey was shaken by two earthquakes within a very short time, fear of disaster is growing. 34 people were injured in the earthquake on Tuesday. Since the quake the day before, there have been almost 200 aftershocks, Turkish vice president Fuat Oktay said on Friday. This increases the concern of disaster.
14 schools in Istanbul were closed for security reasons. Hundreds of buildings were therefore damaged. The 5,8 earthquake of strength had shaken the Marmara region off Istanbul on Thursday and caused panic in the million metropolis. Now the government wants to set up a commission to better prepare the country for earthquakes in the future, Octay announced.
In the past 20 years Turkey has not been sufficiently prepared for quake, said Istanbul's mayor Ekrem Imamoglu. In the city itself, the latent danger is ignored again and again. Every year poorly built residential houses collapse - among other things, made for the many smaller earthquakes that regularly shake Istanbul.
Urban planners like the well-known architect Mücella Yapici have been warning for years that large open spaces, which have been registered as sanctuary in the centre, have long since been built. It wasn't until the 20. th anniversary of the Gölcük quake in August that the Istanbul Civil Engineering Chamber warned that an estimated million buildings in Istanbul were not earthquake-proof.
The epicenter of Thursday's quake was in the Marmara Sea in front of the district of Silivri and at approximately seven kilometres deep, as the Afad Civil Protection Authority announced. A smaller aftershock caused even greater panic on the streets a few minutes later.
Istanbul mayor Ekrem Imamoglu announced on Twitter that injuries or damage had not been reported initially. TRT state station showed people running out of houses in panic. Students were taken out of the buildings in Silivri district for security reasons. Some students cried as seen in pictures.
Istanbul is considered to be particularly endangered to earthquake. Below the Marmara Sea is a section of the so-called North Anatolian disorder that marks the border between the Eurasian and the Anatolian earthplate. Turkey keeps getting shaken by earthquakes. One of the deadliest was the 1999 quake near Istanbul. Back then, more than 17.000 people were killed.
Researchers fear that a 7,1 to 7,4 earthquake might threaten. But when the earthquake comes is unclear. In the earthquake on Thursday, it hit the west of the country and Istanbul again.
Companies design contingency plans, private people have so-called go-bags with everything they need standing next to front doors, and schools teach children how to behave when the earth shakes. When the next big quake comes, be unclear.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said eight people were injured after his return from New York. Some buildings would have suffered minor damage. Istanbul mayor Ekrem Imamoglu followed developments of Istanbul's disaster coordination center (Akom). According to this, two minarets of mosques collapsed in Avcilar and Sariyer districts.
Aftershock warning in Istanbul
Many users report panic on social networks. Buildings were wobbling. Schools and hospitals have been evacuated. Phone lines were broken. It was more intense than Tuesday's, a user writes. The head of the Turkish Red Crescent, Kerem Clinic, warned about aftershocks via Twitter. He called on people to stay away from buildings that would have suffered visible damage.
According to official information, the timing of the quake is 13.59 (local time). Just minutes after the first quake, according to CNN Turkey, there was a aftershock, which was reported with a strength of 4,0 on the Richter scale.
Only on Tuesday had an earthquake of strength 4,6 shook the Turkish Marmara region - it was felt until Istanbul. The Afad Civil Protection Authority announced on Tuesday that its epicenter had also been located in the Marmara Sea west of the million metropolis.
It was not the only earthquake that caused headlines this Tuesday: Pakistan was also hit by a severe earthquake.
Researchers assume that sooner or later there might be a catastrophic earthquake in Istanbul - the tension between the tectonic plates is extremely high. Scientists believe it will eventually unload - and cause massive damage.
Earthquake researcher Sükrü Ersoy expects the earthquake to be a heads up now. This made it more likely, he said to CNN Türk. ′′ These could be the signs of a bigger earthquake ", says Ersoy to the station. ′′ Sooner or later the big quake will also come ".
There had already been an incident a few weeks ago - the quake caused great worries in Istanbul as well. In Albania, there was also a severe earthquake just a few days ago - there were 68 injured. The earth had also shook at Lake Constance this year.
Parliament: New ignition in Ukraine affair
Two brisant documents create new ignition in the Ukraine affair about possible abuse of power by US President Donald Trump. On the way to a possible impeachment trial, the US Democrats see themselves strengthened: the complaint about Trump filed by an anonymous clerk and his controversial telephone call with the Ukrainian president is a source of important evidence for investigations against the president. Trump once again sees himself as a victim of a ′′ witch hunt ". He also doubted the credibility of the whistleblower.
USA: United Airlines passenger locked in toilet - plane diverted
Because a passenger was locked in the board toilet, a flight has been diverted by United Airlines. The toilet door was blocked from Washington to San Francisco during flight 1554, the airline told US media.
During an unscheduled stopover on Wednesday evening (local time) in Denver, the woman was finally freed from the narrow cabin. For about an hour, she was locked in it, wrote US media relying on other passengers. To continue towards San Francisco, passengers had to change the plane.
In a video spread over the internet, which is supposed to be from Flight 1554, according to US media, you can see how several people are trying to free the woman. ′′ We're working on opening the door at the moment ma'am. We'll get you out soon, okay?", says a man in it. The airline apologized to all passengers. It was initially open whether the woman receives compensation.
The cockroach: Kafka inspired: Ian McEwan writes Brexit novel
How does a writer like Ian McEwan deal with all the Brexit mess? He writes a book about it - and his protagonist is unmistakable.
Inspired by Franz Kafka's famous story ′′ The Transformation British success writer Ian McEwan (71) wrote a book about Brexit chaos in the UK.
The novel ′′ The Cockroach ′′ (Original: ′′ The Cockroach ′′) will be published in German on November 27., reported by Diogenes Verlag (Zurich). This is about the transformation of a man named ′′ Jim Sams ", who was ignored or hated in his previous life, but is now suddenly the most powerful man in Britain. He sees it as his mission to put the will of the people into action and is wildly determined not to let anything and nobody stop him.
McEwan was quoted as follows: ′′ When parliament is closed so that the government cannot be challenged at a critical moment when ministers lie shamelessly like Soviet leaders once when Brexiteers in high positions begged the catastrophe of a no deal - then a writer has to wonder what he can do. There's only one answer to this: write ". McEwan's novel ′′ Machines like me ′′ had only been published in the spring.
Kafka's 1915 story, first published in 1915, is about Gregor Samsa, who wakes up one morning and sees himself ′′ turned into an enormous vermin gradually being excluded from family and society and finally perished. ′′ Ian McEwan bowing to Kafka to describe a world that's upside down ", said Diogenes Publisher.
EU invests 9,5 million euros in Austria's rail infrastructure
11.200 wagons in Austria and Hungary get whisper brakes to reduce noise pollution from freight trains. In addition, sections of the railway connections between Graz and Györ and Wiener Neustadt and Sopron are modernized and electrified.
According to the EU authority, this should make travel more comfortable and reduce CO2 emissions. Funds come from the EU infrastructure pot ′′ Connecting Europe Facility ".
Thomas Cook: All trips canceled until October 31.
The German tour operator Thomas Cook has cancelled all trips until October 31., 2019, one day after his bankruptcy application. Travel could ′′ not be started due to insolvency law ", the company announced on Thursday evening.
This also affects bookings of the brands Thomas Cook Signature, Thomas Cook Signature Finest Selection, Neckermann Reisen, ÖGER TOURS, Bucher Travel and Air Marin, which are already paid in full or paid in full. The company left the company open as of November 1., 2019, as it is about travel with start. In consultation with the insolvency insurance, the further course of action was examined, they said.
Thomas Cook in Germany had fallen into the bust of the British parent company and filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday. The company, which includes Neckermann Travel, Öger Tours and Bucher Travel, employs about 2000 people in Germany.
Insurer wants to transfer hotels money again from now on
As of this Friday, hotels abroad, which are currently still hosting Thomas Cook holidaymakers, will receive money from Zurich insurance. According to Zurich, payments to the hotels are subject to the condition that holidaymakers are no longer encouraged to pay extra.
Based on the booking information and without submitting separate invoices, hotels in the resorts are now to receive 50 percent of the outstanding payments, as a Zurich spokesperson for the German press agency said. ′′ This applies immediately and provided that Thomas Cook travelers are now neither asked nor otherwise forced to pay hotel bills individually by these hotels ", said spokesperson Bernd Engelien.
The insurance company responded to reports from hotel guests who, according to their own information, had been forced to pay for their own accommodations on site. Some therefore had to put more than 1000 euros on the table. The German Travel Association (DRV) and the Federal Association of Consumer Centres had strongly criticized this.
How many hotels are affected will be coordinated with the insolvent travel agent on Friday, the insurance spokesperson said. According to Thursday, 70 000 Thomas Cook package holidaymakers from Germany were still on the road. Zurich Germany has secured vacation and return trip of Thomas Cook customers.
Insolvency administrators want to try to continue the three Thomas Cook companies in Germany and find a future solution.
However, the now announced payouts to hotels by Zurich Insurance only help those travellers who are currently still on the road. It looks bad for Thomas Cook customers who still want to go on vacation. Late Thursday evening, the company announced that all trips up to and including October 31. would be cancelled. This also applies to bookings that have already been paid for.
The company left the company open as of November 1., 2019, as it is about travel with start. In consultation with the insolvency insurance, the further course of action was examined, they said. Basically, the Zurich insurance company is also responsible for these cases. Sale of new trips has stopped. dpa
The company refers to the insurer Zurich, which can be represented by Kaera. Customers could find out more about ways to refund the travel price on the Kaera website and assert their claims via a web form.
Prince Harry destroys explosive mine in Angola
Prince Harry has been continuing the engagement of Lady Diana for a long time. In Africa he is now walking right in the footsteps of his mother.
Clothed with a blue splinter vest, British Prince Harry has detonated and destroyed an explosive mine in Angola.
Near a camp of the British Halo Trust near Dirico, he made the ignition circle in front of running TV cameras on Friday morning. At a safe distance, the explosive device exploded in the savannah landscape without causing damage. Although the Halo Trust alone has destroyed more than 100.000 relics of decades of bloody conflict in the African country, there are still more than 1000 minefields that threaten the population.
On the fifth day of his trip to Africa, Harry then wanted to walk directly in the footsteps of his mother Diana (1961-1997) in the city of Huambo. With the same explosive master who once accompanied his mother, he wanted to take the path she went back then. The pictures of Princess Diana going through a cleared minefield in 1997 had gone around the world. She too had demonstrated support for the Halo Trust.
Harry (35) and his wife Meghan (38) have been on a ten-day Africa journey since Monday, which has begun in the South African tourist metropolis of Cape Town.
Stopping Brexit negotiations: the danger of no deal remains acute
Actually, Prime Minister Boris Johnson had clearly determined: he will not guarantee a third postponement of Brexit negotiations. But what statements are of eternal duration in the polarizing British. The UK Supreme Court's recent verdict floats over the blond head like a Damocles sword. His suspension of parliament to be able to hold his Brexit course stubbornly until the exit date was cancelled earlier this week. And a law passed by Parliament obliges Johnson to extend bilateral talks until October 31. in the event of failed negotiations with the EU. However, Johnson had categorically ruled out that over and over again.
Boris Johnson still thinks deal is possible
But the pressure doesn't seem to pass Johnson noticeably either. Meanwhile, when visiting a hospital, he made suggestion that he would support an extension of negotiations until the end of October in case of a non-settlement:
You know, we will abide by the law.
At the same time, however, we are confident that we will leave the EU by 31. October.
And best with a deal. I'm carefully optimistic that this works.
And time is gradually running out of Brexit negotiators in Brussels. The EU and the British negotiators have about six weeks left to prevent Britain from leaving the European Union without agreements. But even the recent talks have not made a breakthrough again. An agreement until the end of October seems rather difficult at the moment. If the British Prime Minister does not break the law, a rescheduling of the exit date will be in force. The opposition does not trust the prime minister's words though. She fears Johnson might somehow enforce Brexit in the event of a no deal.
U.S. authority: more e-cigarettes deaths
The number of deaths associated with the use of e-cigarettes in the US has increased to twelve. In addition, there have now been 805 confirmed and likely injuries in this context, the US health department announced CDC. According to a study in the ′′ New England Journal of Medicine there were already more than 900 affected people, around 500 of them confirmed. The cause of the lung damage is still completely unclear. No similar increase in lung damage has been known in Europe so far. The complaints seem to be limited to users in the US.
The fear of new protests in Egypt is growing
Millions of times Mohammed Ali's videos have been shared on online networks. The contractor and actor living in Spain calls for a ′′ folk revolution ". For today's Friday he has called for further protests against President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi and the Egyptian military accusing critics of corruption and mismanagement. Ali hopes for mass rallies with a million participants in central squares in the country.
Security authorities are alerted anyway. In the centre of Cairo, an increased police presence has already been observed. Several metro stations remained closed, roads around central Tahrir Square were closed. In the past few days, police had already increased their road checks and searched pedestrian cell phones in part on news and photos related to the protests.
On September 20., the protesters gathered around Tahrir Square.
Last weekend there were protests with hundreds of participants in Cairo, Alexandria, Suez and Mansura. There hadn't been such an open protest in Egypt in years. Accordingly, the security forces reacted to this. According to Human Rights Watch (HRW), nearly 2000 people have been arrested since last week. Many of them were arbitrarily arrested - just because they were ′′ in the wrong place at the wrong time HRW told arrested, calling on lawyers.
The organization also criticized censorship in the North African country. Accordingly, the government in Cairo is blocking websites and online services to stop further protests against al-Sisi. The general has been running the country since 2013 after overthrowing democratically elected Islamist president Mohammed Morsi. Thousands of Islamists, opponents of government, bloggers and activists have been jailed and partially convicted in recent years.
′′ Ocean Change ": Arved Fox back from Greenland Expedition
Arved Fuchs returned from his Greenland expedition on Friday. On his arrival at the port of Hamburg he was greeted by the skipper Boris Herrmann, the climate activist Greta Thunberg had brought over the Atlantic with the racing yacht ′′ Malizia
In recent months, with a team of scientists, Fox had investigated and documented consequences of global warming on his sailing ship ′′ Dagmar Aaen ′′ on the coasts of Iceland and Greenland.
The Fridays for Future movement is a blessing, the polar researcher said. He waited for years for the young generation to speak up. It's been known for decades that the earth is warming. Yet many acted like there was a planet B.
′′ What happens on the ocean often takes place under the exclusion of the public ", Fuchs said. He and his team wanted to educate people about the effects of global warming and waste of the oceans. During the expedition, among other things, a drone of Greenland glacier ice was measured and fished for microplastics with nets, they said.
The Polar researcher from Bad Bramstedt was awarded the ′′ Seadevcon Maritime Award ′′ for his ′′ struggle for a sustainable and respectful use of the oceans of the world ′′ during the Hamburg Climate Week. ′′ For all of us who care about survival of the oceans, Arved Fox is a great role model ", said Skipper Boris Herrmann at the award ceremony. ′′ He is a witness to the changes that have happened in the Arctic over the past decades ".
Expensive spaghetti in Rome: Tourists paid 430 euros for pasta
430 euros for two plates of spaghetti with fish in a simple restaurant not far from the Engelsburg in Rome: That seemed too much to two Japanese tourists. The bill with 80 euros included tip was paid by the two women, but they posted the receipt on Facebook, which triggered heated reactions.
′′ Such cases hurt the reputation of Rome. We call on the police to investigate whether this is a scam ", demanded a spokesperson from Federagit, the association of tour guides in Rome, according to the Roman daily newspaper Il Messaggero (Friday edition).
promptly came the reaction of the owners of the restaurant. The Japanese women not only ordered spaghetti, but also fresh fish, the local owner justified himself. However, this cannot be seen from the invoice. Even a tip of up to 20 percent of the bill is normal, said the innkeeper.
One call to Ukraine and everything is broken? US President Donald Trump might actually be facing an impeachment trial after the turbulent revelations of the past few days, the Democrats now want to examine this with their House of Representatives investigation as soon as possible - talking about weeks before a decision would be made.
At the beginning of the scandal is supposedly the telephone call with Ukrainian president Volodymyr Selenskyj. The whistleblower's allegation that ultimately brought the conversation out of concern for national security and US democracy to the public with his complaint is monstrous: the president has misused the power of his office to give another country's government a Influence on the 2020 election. He took advantage of Ukraine's dependence in the process and wanted to force it to act against a political opponent.
The core of this project can also be seen in the transcript of the conversation with Selenskyj, which has now been published, although it does not reflect the full text. The 25. th of July phone call is just an episode of a much bigger story, with his personal lawyer next to Trump: Rudy Giuliani.
From the public's perspective, history starts in May 2019, when the New York Times reports on Rudy Giuliani's travel plans to Ukraine. He wants to meet in Kiev with President Selenskyj, and the lawyer himself knows very well that his intentions are delicate. ′′ We don't interfere in an election, we interfere in an investigation into what we have the right to do ", he tells the newspaper. You might think it's inappropriate, but ′′ nothing is illegal about that ". Giuliani wants investigations in Ukraine to be prosecuted for which there is hardly any basis - ′′ because this information will be very, very helpful for my client and might turn out to be helpful to my government ".
The lawyer and former New York mayor seems to have gotten infected with right wing conspiracy fantasies fixed on Trump's opponent in the 2016 election: Hillary Clinton has conspired with actors in Ukraine, critics said at the time to make an occasion for Russia-Investigations in the U.S. However, this accusation was never to be taken seriously.
This is exactly the investigation Trump will talk about on the phone with Selenskyj in July. The version Giulianis and the president is: Former Vice-President and currently promising candidates for Democrat s' presidential candidacy, Joe Biden, has urged Ukraine commissioner of the Obama administration to dismiss the then Ukrainian Attorney General Victor Schokin. This is to stop the investigation into the gas company on whose board his son Hunter Biden was working. Biden senior has financially blackmailed Ukraine to cover up his family's corrupt machinations.
Actually, the process was a little different. When Joe Biden claimed the Ukrainian Attorney General had to go, the investigation into the gas company had already been completed, Hunter Biden was never directly affected. Schokin was also accused of deeply corrupt behavior, the US government was far from the only Western partner to push for his release. Incidentally, the Obama administration even explicitly supported the investigation into the company.
Disruptions on Instagram Facebook and Whatsapp: Social media is down
Users worldwide report massive disruption to Instagram and Facebook. Accordingly, Germany, Great Britain and Spain are particularly affected. On the website allestörungen.de, users report that Facebook has not been loading since about 15.30 pm. Instagram also issues the error message that content could not be loaded. Whatsapp also seems affected by the disruption, albeit not to the same extent so far.
Instagram and Co. More often affected by disruptions
It's not the first massive incident this year. Services were cancelled for several hours in March and July. And as in previous cases, users are resorting to Twitter especially this time to breathe their anger.
Polish scientists rescued in Antarctica
Three Polish scientists have been rescued from the ice of Antarctica by the Chilean Air Force. They were out on a inflatable boat and several miles from their base when their engine failed. They were lucky in misfortune - it took less than an hour to recover the Chilean rescue helicopter.
Eduardo Mosquera, commander of the 4. th Chilean Air Brigade:
′′ At 9:30 pm we got the news, just before ten we started and a good 20 minutes later we were over the inflatable boat ".
Poland has operated the Henryk Arctowski Polish Antarctic Station since 1977 on King George Island, 19 scientists work there. The frozen researchers were safely returned to their research station.
Attention: Smartphone NEVER charge wirelessly
Practical but harmful
Inductive technology via Qi standard is extremely practical, but should not be used.
Since several new smartphones have recently been released, which support wireless charging and sell very well - especially the new iPhone 11 models, we would like to recall a study from the beginning of July. The wireless charging of mobile devices is extremely practical, but not necessarily recommended.
Higher temperature adds battery
Researchers warn about charging smartphones wirelessly. According to the findings of the Univerity of Warwick, this is extremely harmful to the devices. The reason for this is the much greater heat development. If you charge a cell phone normally via cable, the battery heats up to 27 degrees within three hours. While charging wirelessly, the researchers measured over 30 degrees even with perfect alignment of the smartphone on the charging pad. If the phone is a bit next to the coil, the temperature rises even higher. In addition, the wattage of the charging pad also increases, which in turn drives up the power consumption.
Capacity and life time
According to the researchers, the temperature for the shelf life of batteries is a decisive factor. Every single degree plays a role. When charging with higher temperatures, the battery not only cuts in capacity, but it also doesn't last that long overall. So the service life is lower. The researchers therefore advise to charge the smartphone via cable at all times. Since a battery replacement for modern smartphones is always associated with high costs, this should be a helpful tip. Apple has even increased the cost of replacing a battery again - for all iPhones.
Practical
The technology is extremely bequem:Einfach place the device on a corresponding charging pad - these are even already installed in many restaurants, airports, hotels and cars - and the battery is charged without annoying cable salad and tedious plug fumble. Since Qi (stands for inductive energy transmission) prevails worldwide, which for once even Apple participates, there are hardly any restrictions. Nevertheless, according to the researchers, technology should only be used in exceptional cases.
Everest congestion photographer: 13 eight thousand in six months
A Nepalese mountain climber has climbed 13 of the 14 highest mountains in the world within just six months. Nirmal Purja (36) reached the top of Manaslu in Nepal, thus setting a record, his expedition organizer announced.
The former soldier wants to climb all 14 eight thousand in seven months. Purja calls his project ′′ Mission Possible ". He's made international headlines before: He's taken a photo that went viral in spring from mountain climbers queuing on Mount Everest.
The image of the mass rank triggered a debate on stronger security measures on the 8848 meter high mountain and highest peaks on Earth. In May, eleven climbers had died within a few days on the climb.
One problem for Purja could be the ascent of the 14. th eight thousand: Chinese authorities are currently blocking Xixabangma mountain in Tibet. Among other things, bad weather is mentioned as a reason for this. Early week Purja wrote on Twitter that Nepal's government wanted to talk to China to enable him to rise.
Four dead elephants discovered in Sri Lanka
Among the dead animals is also a pregnant elephant cow, a police spokesperson announced on Friday. ′′ We suspect the elephants have been poisoned ".
The four carcasses were found in a sanctuary near the famous Sigiriya rock fortress visited by many tourists. According to the police spokesperson, the animals were probably between 15 and 25 years old. An autopsy was ordered to determine the cause of death.
Almost 200 elephants are killed every year in Sri Lanka. The perpetrators are often farmers on whose land the animals had previously kept themselves harmless. At the same time, elephants kill around 50 people annually. This is usually what happens when the animals move through villages built near their habitat.
Sri Lanka is estimated to have only about 7.000 elephants left. Theoretically, their killing is the death penalty.
Detained British oil tanker leaves Iran
British oil tanker ′′ Stena Impero ′′ leaves Bandar Abbas more than two months after its establishment by Iran. This is what Bandar Abbas announced according to IRNA news agency. The Iranian Revolutionary Guards had fixed the British flag tanker on 19. July accused of disregarding the law of the sea in the Persian Gulf.
Thomas Cook's management in criticism
The responsible Economic Committee of the House of Commons wants to examine the bust of travel giant Thomas Cook. The aim is to deal with the board's salary packages as well as the question of why the British government did not want to finance the company struggling to survive. ′′ Our interest is to supervise the company as well as to control by external auditors ", said committee chairman Rachel Reeves in London. ′′ Apparently we are dealing with a bad example of management greed ".
According to experts, genes are overestimated at the risk of colon cancer
The role of genes in familial increased risk of colon cancer has apparently been overestimated so far. Researchers from the German Cancer Research Centre (DKFZ) Heidelberg come to this conclusion in a current study. Other risk factors such as familial eating habits probably weigh more heavily than previously assumed. The DKFZ scientists stress that this has consequences for calculations of individual intestinal cancer risk.
Elon Musk is dropping Tesla stocks
Musk wrote this in an email to Tesla staff published on Thursday (local time) from the industry blog ′′ Electrek Demand is strong, so Tesla could record 110'000 orders, said Musk's circular.
The challenge is to get the cars to the clientele quickly. To do so, Tesla has to offer as many resources as possible at the end of the quarter.
Investors liked the information: Tesla's shares went out of trading with an increase of over six percent. The course hasn't gained this strong in almost four months. In the second quarter, Tesla had delivered over 95'000 cars and thus achieved its best so far.
Musk needs records to reach his high goals. In 2019 he wants to deliver a total of 360'000 to 400'000 cars. This requires six figures in the current and next quarter. Especially the cheapest Tesla Model 3 is in demand, but here the profit margins are low. Despite the boom, there were last losses.
Does British government want to circumvent Brexit law? Johnson restrained
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson is covering himself over whether he is looking for ways to circumvent the last legislature adopted against an unregulated Brexit. On a corresponding question, he just said to journalists on Friday that his government will abide by the law.
The law provides that the government must request a postponement of the exit date should no agreement be reached with the EU by mid-October. Johnson criticizes this as a ′′ surrender law ′′ that makes negotiations with the EU more difficult.
Former British Prime Minister John Major on Thursday had expressed the assumption that Johnson could attempt to use ′′ political harassment ′′ to circumvent the law. Johnson could use a process knit to postpone the entry into force of the law until after the EU exit.
Johnson said he is striving for a treaty with the European Union. ′′ We are confident to leave the EU on October 31., and the best way is by agreement ".
Iran is apparently driving up uranium enrichment
Iran's President Hassan Rohani has increased pressure on European contractors in the dispute over saving the historic nuclear deal. ′′ Unfortunately, European states show inability or unwillingness when it comes to concrete actions ", Rohani said Thursday at a press conference on the brink of the UN General Assembly in New York. In the event that they did not fulfill their promises, he envisaged ′′ further steps ′′ away from the agreements of the laboriously negotiated 2015 agreement.
The background is the conflict over the international agreement to prevent an Iranian nuclear bomb, which in return contained the commitment to Tehran to normalize economic relations. The US left the deal alone in 2018 to force Iran to change course in the Middle East policy with ′′ maximum pressure considered aggressive. President Donald Trump's government wants to negotiate a new deal with tougher conditions and is now relying on harsh sanctions against Tehran. Iran responded to this last by reopening the mandatory uranium enrichment limitations.
The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) confirmed in a report that the Islamic Republic has now also used or at least prepared for use the centrifuges installed at the beginning of September. According to IAEA, Iran is also preparing to build more than 300 other centrifuges.
Perhaps Europeans were unwilling to bear their share of the deal, so they left Iranians alone with the costs and burden of pressing US sanctions, Rohani suspected. But there will still be more talks that hopefully will solve.
Rohani continues to deny Iran's involvement in attacks in Saudi Arabia
However, after an attack on an important oil plant in Saudi Arabia in mid-September, Germany, France and Great Britain followed the US assessment Monday that Tehran was responsible for the attack. Originally Iran-supported Houthi rebels in Yemen had committed themselves to the attack, but this was considered a false confession by the US. ′′ We have nothing to do with this ", Rohani reaffirmed his position on Wednesday.
′′ Those who make such accusations must provide evidence of this ", Rohani said. However, European leaders could not have done that during the UN General Debate. Instead, they would have just claimed that the rebels in Yemen could not carry out an attack like this. Rohani had met with Chancellor Angela Merkel, France's President Emmanuel Macron and British Prime Minister Boris Johnson in the past few days.
Before possible talks with US President Trump, Rohani demanded to lift the far-reaching sanctions of the US administration. He called on the government in Washington to switch to a policy of ′′ dialogue and reason
Comet from other star crosses solar system
Astronomers are currently watching a comet from the depths of space. That was done before. The comet allows conclusions on other solar systems.
What was initially just a guess is now confirmed: An interstellar guest crosses through our solar system. The comet from the depth of space was baptized to 2 I / Borisov after its discoverer and has sparked interest from astronomers around the world.
The far-travelled comet had been discovered by amateur astronomer Gennadi Borisov at the Margo observatory in Crimea on August 30.-with a self-built telescope of 65 centimeters in diameter. Follow-up observations by various observatories not only confirmed it was an unknown comet, but also showed it didn't come from our solar system.
After 2 I / Borisov is only the second interstellar object to be spotted on a journey through our solar system after 1 I / ' Oumuamua of 2017
2 I / Borisov offers astronomers the rare chance to gain close insights into a foreign solar system before it disappears by no means again. Initial observations show that the interstellar comet resembles those of our own system, as reported by the Astrophysical Institute of the Canary Islands. ′′ The current speed of the comet is high, about 150.000 kilometers per hour, which is well above the typical speeds of objects circling the sun at this distance ", reported, for example, Davide Farnocchia of the US Space Agency Nasa...
According to the analysis, the comet is travelling on a so-called hyperbolic track that takes it out of our system - and clearly interstellar origin, as the International Astronomical Union (IAU) announced. She is also responsible for naming and categorizing celestial bodies. In honor of its discoverer, the interstellar tail star, which had initially been listed under catalogue number C / 2019 Q4, was given the name 2 I / Borisov, with the first part of the name indicating that it is the second interstellar object that has been discovered in our solar system.
Astronomers are lucky: Unlike 1 I / ' Oumuamua, 2 I / Borisov has already been approaching. This is how researchers have many months left for examinations. ′′ The object will reach the greatest brightness in mid-December and will be on display with medium-sized telescopes until April 2020 ", Farnocchia explained. ′′ After that, it will only be observed with larger, professional telescopes until October 2020 ".
Several observatories have already targeted the visitor. Thus, a team around Karen Meech from the University of Hawaii, which had already led the characterization of 1 I / ' Oumuamua, determined in a first examination the diameter of the sky object to 2 kilometers. Footage of the Gemini observatory in Hawaii shows a clear tail of the comet.
Researchers from the Astrophysical Institute of the Canary Islands (IAC) have already gained a first so-called spectrum from the interstellar tail star, which offers a kind of fingerprint of its chemical composition. ′′ The spectrum of this object resembles those of comets of our solar system, and this points out that their composition must be similar ", IAC researcher Julia de León reported. This observation suggests that comets in other solar systems could form through processes similar to ours, added de Leóns's colleague Javier Licandro.
The discovery of two interstellar visitors within just two years suggests that these objects could open up a new path to exploration of certain processes in other solar systems. However, it's still hard to estimate how often such trip visits are. One of the next interstellar visitors could possibly intercept a planned satellite mission from the European space agency Esa.
By 2028, the agency wants to station the three-part spacecraft ′′ Comet Interceptor ′′ (comet interceptor) on a waiting position at 1,5 million kilometres away from Earth. According to Esa science director Günther Hasinger, she should either lurk for a still untouched, fresh comet from our own solar system, or for an interstellar visitor like 1 I / ' Oumuamua.
First landing at Beijing's new mega airport daxing
Just in time before the 70. th birthday of the People's Republic, it's time: At the new mega airport in the south of the Chinese capital, a first passenger machine of China United Airlines has landed, a special honour for captain and crew.
By 2022, around 45 million passengers will be processed annually at the new airport, and by 2025 it will already be 72 million. China's President Xi Jinping personally announced the opening of the 450 billion project. China's latest prestige project is also called ′′ starfish ′′ because of its six-arm building structure.
The complex has four runways, which will later be expanded to seven and is equipped with the world's largest automatic air traffic management system. A new metro will transport passengers to downtown Beijing in just 20 minutes.
During the construction, the Chinese had repeatedly stated that Berlin could learn from Beijing. The opening of the capital airport in Germany, which has been under construction since 2006, has so far been postponed. In Beijing, on the other hand, a first passenger plane landed already after four years.
New supersonic plane scheduled to fly in 2030: from London to Sydney in four and a half hours
London to Sydney in just four and a half hours - this is what the UK Space Agency dreams of. The purpose of this supersonic air-breathing rocket engine (Sabre), which the company Reaction Engines from Oxfordshire, is to make this supersonic air-breathing rocket engine, which was targeted for the 2030 s, quoted by the US station CNN. ′′ This is the technology that could definitely do this ", Agenturchef Graham Turnock told the station. ′′ We're talking about the 2030 s for commissioning, and the work is already very advanced ".
In order to advance the project, the British Space Agency wants to work more closely with the Australian Space Agency. Flight from the British capital to the Australian metropolis currently takes about 20 hours. The Concorde was the only passenger supersonic aircraft to date to cover the New York-Paris route from 1976 to 2003 hours until its operation stopped in 2003 In 2000, there was an accident at the start of a Concorde at Charles de Gaulle airport in Paris, killing all 109 inmates. Last year, US aircraft manufacturer Lockheed Martin announced plans to develop a supersonic plane called the ′′ X-Plane ′′ together with the US Space Agency Nasa. Virgin Galactic also has such developments in its program.
′′ Sabre will make the world smaller with his high-speed point-to-point transport ", writes Reaction Engines, among other things, on his homepage. The Sabre drive could be used for efficient travel at a speed of Mach 5-meaning five times as fast as sound. In addition, such planes could also be used outside the earth's atmosphere and thus allowed the ′′ next generation of truly reusable framing equipment ".
Uprising in Washington: Trump wants to track down anonymous tipsters in Ukraine affair
In the Ukraine affair for possible abuse of power by US president, Donald Trump wants to track down possible leaks in the White House.
′′ I want to know who gave the information to the whistleblower ", Trump said on Thursday before US Embassy staff at the United Nations in New York. The affected person is almost ′′ a spy ′′ and such people have been dealt with ′′ a little different ′′ in the past than they are today.
This was considered an intimidation attempt against tippers. The event was actually not public. Several US media, however, spread audio recordings from the speech on Friday. Democrats reacted outragedly to the statement of the president.
Democrats in the US House of Representatives had announced preparations for an impeachment trial on Tuesday against Trump. Her accusations are mainly based on the written complaint of an anonymous intelligence worker making serious accusations against Trump and his government headquarters. At great public pressure, the depictions of the indicator had been made public on Thursday.
As part of his work, the whistleblower wants to have received information from several government officials that the US president ′′ uses the power of his office ′′ to get another country interfering in his favor in the 2020 US election.
At the heart of the accusations is a controversial phone call between Trump and Ukrainian president Volodymyr Selenskyj at the end of July, encouraging his counterparts to investigate that could hurt his political rival Joe Biden. This is about former business of Biden's son Hunter in Ukraine and alleged efforts to protect his offspring from Ukrainian justice. Biden is ahead in the race for Democratic presidential candidacy for the 2020 election.
The whistleblower also accused the White House of covering up with Ukraine's phone call: Leading government officials had strived to keep the exact wording of the conversation under the blanket. As usual, an electronic text protocol was drawn up. This was removed from a common database after the call by lawyers from the White House and instead stored in a particularly protected system. So far only a rough protocol has been published.
The identity of the indicator is not publicly known. The ′′ New York Times ′′ reported that it should be a foreign intelligence agent CIA.
Trump once again questioned the credibility of the source on Friday. In a series of tweets on the subject, the president wrote, among other things, that the ′′ so-called whistleblower ′′ had distributed second-hand information that had turned out to be incorrect. So maybe there aren't any tips or spies.
How Trump spoke out in New York about those who reportedly received information to the whistleblower, but triggered outrage. President of the US House of Representatives, Nancy Pelosi, responded troubled and lamented Trump's statement once again undermines the integrity of the government.
In the House of Representatives, various committees have been investigating Trump and his environment for months. In light of Ukraine accusations, Democrats are now moving forward with new force to launch a possible impeachment trial against Trump.
′′ The whistleblower has given us a roadmap for our investigation ", said the head of the Intelligence Committee at the House of Representatives, Adam Schiff. Trump attacked Schiff sharp, accused him of misrepresentation of things, and called for the committee chairman's resignation. Trump regularly scolds Schiff and had already demanded his withdrawal months ago.
More than 300 former US government officials from the security and foreign policy spheres, mostly under democratic, but also under Republican presidents, stood behind the investigation for a possible impeachment process launched by the Democrats in a statement published on Friday. If the accusations were true, it would be ′′ an unscrupulous abuse of power ′′ by Trump, it said.
There is no exact schedule for the further procedure. With their majority in the House of Representatives, the Democrats could do what they call an impeachment procedure. However, the decision to actually impeachment would be made in the Senate, where Trump's Republicans have the majority. The prospects of such a procedure are therefore low. So far, no US president has been removed by an impeachment procedure of office.
VW works council: jobs are being ′′ creeped down ′′
The VW brand plans to further reduce production costs could be at the expense of manufacturing in Germany and Europe. This concern drives the works council of the car manufacturer. The brand wants to cut its annual factory costs of ten billion euros by 2023 by 2023 Of this, EUR 500 million will be saved this year.
One key to this is personnel costs. The ′′ Future Pact ′′ negotiated between the company and the works council in 2016 already provides for the reduction of 14.000 jobs in Germany alone by 2020 Basically, a workplace can only be dismantled by the car manufacturer if it is practically proven that the related activities are no longer necessary. In addition, an employment security will apply until 2029.
As our newspaper now learned from works councils, however, jobs in production, which were not actually up for disposition, are ′′ sneaky ′′ by another way - i.e. past the official course. This is how regular vacancies are often not filled again.
In these cases the works council has no way of forcing the resettlement. Meanwhile, there are no staff in many places, the compaction of work is increasing, the worries about gradual bleeding of the vehicle works. This also increases the fear that vehicle production could gradually be removed from Germany and Europe because it is more favorable in other parts of the world. From VW, it was only said: ′′ As agreed, the volume of employment will be adjusted along the demographic curve ".
The VW brand wants to standardize production even more worldwide and centralize new projects. This too should reduce costs and also speed up decisions - behind this is the goal of increasing productivity and thus competitiveness. Production manager Andreas Tostmann said at a managerial conference in Berlin: ′′ Especially in uncertain times from Brexit to the impending trade war between the US and China, we are well advised to make ourselves crisis-proof ".
There have already been successes on this path: for example, this year for the first time since 2013, the production costs per vehicle would decrease compared to the previous year. Before journalists, Tostmann said that the production time for the Gulf 8, to be presented in Wolfsburg on October 24., was shortened by 1,1 hours. VW does not mention exact figures on the production time, according to our newspaper, it is around for golf 7
20 hours.
In our region, the headquarters Wolfsburg is the only VW factory in which vehicles are produced. The works of Braunschweig and Salzgitter manufacture components. For Wolfsburg, the rule of thumb internally applies to the rule of thumb that 800.000 cars have to be built there every year so that the plant is satisfactorily profitable. In 2018, however, the utilization in Wolfsburg was only around 700.000 vehicles - due to the decreasing demand for diesel and the problems involved in switching to the new WLTP consumption and exhaust gas testing method.
As Tostmann's production board announced last year, however, a million cars are supposed to roll off the band in Wolfsburg ′′ perspective This should make it possible to bundle golf production at the headquarters - because the Zwickau plant is giving up golf production due to the conversion to the site for e-car production.
In addition, the SUV Tiguan and Tarraco (Seat) are produced in Wolfsburg. However, the sales of golf and tiguan recently declined. Therefore, expectations are now resting on the Golf 8. Despite all efforts to build e-mobility, it should remain the bread and butter car of the Wolfsburgs for the time being.
Forced into prostitution with voodoo: human traffickers sentenced
Young women from Nigeria have been vowed, cast into the Ruhr area and forced into prostitution. Six suspected human traffickers need to go to jail for this.
Six suspected human traffickers from Nigeria were sentenced to probation and prison sentences of up to eight years and three months in Bochum on Friday. The accused had dragged young women from Nigeria into the Ruhr area and forced them into prostitution. In order to force their obedience, the Nigerians who will leave had to make a ritual vow in front of a voodoo priest.
Victims were between 17 and 22 years old. They were taken across the Mediterranean with the help of Libyan smugglers. However, the dream of a better future did not come true. Arrived in Germany, they were distributed among various brothels in order to deal with the alleged smuggler costs of an average of 25 000 euros. That's why they took the wages completely.
The accused - four men and two women - had admitted the lockdown and subsequent distribution of the young Nigerians among brothels in the trial. ′′ Work made women difficult physically and mentally ", said Judge Isabel Hoffmann at the verdict. ′′ Some were really disgusted ".
The verdicts are commercial and gang-like slaughter of foreigners, human trafficking, pimping and severe forced prostitution.
Ufo calls for negotiations with Lufthansa
In constant dispute with the Lufthansa Group, the flight attendant union Ufo has once again threatened strikes.
If the company does not return to the negotiating table, the union will ′′ inform about the industrial action measures in the LH group on October 14. ", Ufo Tariff Board Daniel Flohr announced on Friday. Lufthansa and her daughter Eurowings have been refusing to negotiate with Ufo for months. The question is also whether the union has legitimately terminated collective agreements at Lufthansa.
On this point, Ufo now sees himself strengthened after a decision of the Frankfurt Labour Court. Lufthansa wanted to say that the collective agreements were not terminated. The court dismissed the applications. The company confirmed the decision and examined to appeal against it. ′′ I consider that a second court sees the matter completely differently ", said Ufo board Flohr.
In August, Lufthansa also filed a motion to the Frankfurt Regional Labour Court to have the status of Ufo as a union reviewed. The company argues that the union has not set up an eligible board in months and is therefore unable to fulfill its role as a collective bargaining partner.
A severe leadership dispute in the division union was followed by numerous members of the board as well as the advisory board, including the long-standing union leader Nicoley Baublies. Due to the doubts about its leadership, Ufo had suspended an already begun mood over the strikes of cabin staff at Eurowings at the end of July.
Facilitated entry: Saudi Arabia announces new visa system
Until now, Saudi Arabia has not exactly been known as an international tourist magnet. But that's supposed to change now. The country of the Persian Gulf wants to introduce new visa regulations.
Saudi Arabia wants to attract more international tourists with a new visa system. By 2030, the Tourism Commission announced that the number of international and local visitors would be increased to 100 million per year.
′′ Saudi Arabia's opening to international tourists is a historical moment for our country ", said the chairman of the Tourism Commission, Ahmad Al-Chatib.
Saudi Arabia is so far hard to access for tourists. Visas are usually only granted for short business trips, religious pilgrimage trips or visitors with desert citizens. With the new rules, the arch conservative kingdom hopes for more revenue from the tourism business. According to his own statement, Riyadh wants to reduce his dependence on oil trade.
In mid-September, several missiles and drones had hit two of the most important oil plants in eastern Saudi Arabia: the country's largest oil refinery in Abkaik and the Churais oil field. In the following, national oil production drastically collapsed, oil price bullets skyrocketed. It should be several weeks before oil production of the Kingdom reaches its old level.
Justin and Hailey Bieber getting ready for wedding party
Singer Justin Bieber (25) and his wife Hailey (22) are preparing for their wedding feast. The model posted several party photos on her Instagram stories on Thursday (local time), featuring white wedding look. Reality star Kendall Jenner (23) and others had organized a bachelorette party in Los Angeles according to People magazine.
Justin posted several colorful suits printed with bananas on Instagram and asked his followers: ′′ Help me choose my tuxedo for the wedding ". According to media reports, the celebrity couple wants to marry church next weekend.
The Biebers said yes to each other in a New York registry office a year ago. There was no greater feast then.
In an interview with Australian Vogue, Hailey recently stated that after initial problems, the two would have found a common level: ′′ If you don't want to compromise, you can't have a relationship ".
Two deaths in plane crash in the Czech Republic
Two people were killed in the crash of a small plane in western Czech Republic. The wreck was discovered on Friday in a forest area near the city of Mecin (Metschin), police reported. The dead were a 38 year old woman and a 64 year old man.
Authorities had been searching for the machine since Thursday evening after the crew sent a distress signal via GPS. There was also a military helicopter in action during the search. The cause of the accident is yet to be determined. The crash site lies about 30 kilometres south of Pilsen (Plzen) and 100 kilometres northeast of Regensburg.
Half the European tree species are endangered
In addition to pests, diseases, non-residents species, unsustainable woodwork and the growth of cities are the causes of the threat, the World Nature Conservation Union IUCN reported on Friday in Brussels. She has examined the stocks of all 454 species known in Europe. 265 of these are not found on any other continent. Of those 265, 58 percent are threatened. 66 would already be at the highest level of danger and thus before extinction.
IUCN divides endangered species into six categories: from ′′ potentially endangered ′′ to ′′ endangered ", ′′ severely endangered ", ′′ endangered ", and ′′ extinct in nature ′′ to ′′ extinct ". Overall, it lists more worldwide as 28.000 species of animals and plants considered endangered.
Mountain ash and wild horse chestnut threatened
In Germany, Ebeschen (Sorbus) are mainly threatened, one of the authors, David Allen, told the German press agency. ′′ Most are threatened because the populations are small anyway or by the transformation or weakening of their habitats ".
It also looks bad for the wild common horse chestnuts. They have been considered ′′ endangered ′′ level two of the IUCN scale since 2017 Biggest threat poses the Balkan mining moth next to a fungus. Since the 1980 s, it has been spreading from Southeast Europe across the continent and has hardly any natural enemies. IUCN estimates the number of wild horse chestnuts (Aesculus hippocastanum) in Europe at less than 10.000 specimens. Not taken into account in this assessment are the trees in towns, parks and avenues.
Shrub types and mosses also in danger
At the same time, IUCN scientists created new European red lists for molluscs, bushes and mosses. More than a fifth of molluscs and mosses and almost half of all shrub species are threatened, according to IUCN. This is mainly due to wilderness destruction, species introduced, agricultural practices and climate change. Molluscs like snails played a key role in recycling nutrients in the soil and are an important source of food for birds and other animals.
′′ This report shows that the situation is precarious for many overlooked and underrated species, species that form the backbone of the European ecosystem and contribute to a healthy planet ", said Luc Bas, IUCN Director of the Europa Bureau. ′′ We must limit the impact of humans on our ecosystems and make protecting these species a priority ".
Earthquake before Istanbul: 34 injured reported
34 people were injured in the recent earthquake in Turkey. According to the reports, there were no dead people. Dozens of people should have left their homes, 14 schools in Istanbul were closed for security reasons, Turkish vice president Fuat Oktay said on Friday.
Hundreds of buildings were therefore damaged. Since the quake the day before, there have been almost 200 aftershocks. The 5,8 earthquake of strength had shaken the Marmara region off Istanbul on Thursday and caused panic in the million metropolis.
Now the government wants to set up a commission to better prepare the country for earthquakes in the future, Octay announced. In the past 20 years Turkey has not been sufficiently prepared for quake, said Istanbul's mayor Ekrem Imamoglu.
Istanbul is considered to be particularly endangered to earthquake. Under the Marmara Sea lies a section of the so-called North Anatolian disorder that marks the border between the Eurasian and the Anatolian earthplate.
One of the hardest quakes was one of the strengths of 7,6 near Istanbul in 1999 The epicenter was then located in Gölcük southeast of Istanbul. More than 17 000 people were killed.
Already on Tuesday, a 4,6 magnitude quake had shaken the region around Istanbul. Authorities called on residents to stay away from damaged buildings.
Super Bowl 2020: Jennifer Lopez (JLo) and Shakira performing in halftime show
Latin pop singers Jennifer Lopez and Shakira will lead the halftime show of the next American Football Finals Super Bowl. That's what the singers announced on Twitter. ′′ It doesn't get any bigger ", Shakira wrote about herself and Lopez. She is insanely excited to be on the super bowl stage. February 2., 2020, Miami will be here.
Jennifer Lopez said she had dreamed of performing at the Super Bowl since 1996-back then she saw Diana Ross flying in the sky at the halftime show. ′′ Now it's even more special because the NFL has existed for 100 years and I'll perform with another Latina ". She can't wait ′′ to show what we girls can do on the world's biggest stage ".
Shakira pointed out in a statement that she is honoured to stand on one of the largest stages in the world alongside another artist, representing Latinos and Latinas from the U.S. and across the world. ′′ And then also on my birthday!" The main sponsor of the event wrote on Twitter that it was the first time the two ′′ queens ′′ are on stage together.
Shakira is from Colombia. Jennifer Lopez was born in New York, her parents are from Puerto Rico.
Fight against decreasing viewers
Super Bowl is the highlight of American football season. The game and halftime show are among the most watched TV broadcasts in the USA. Even if you've lost viewers last, this February, the spectacle in the US attracted the fewest viewers in more than ten years. Nevertheless, there were still almost a hundred million people on average.
There was an uproar about the halftime show of the past Super Bowl: In the fight over dealing with quarterback Colin Kaepernick, media reports say top stars like Rihanna, Pink and Cardi B did not want to perform last February. Finally, the pop group Maroon led the halftime show in 5-the reviews were little friendly.
Kaepernick, then quarterback of the San Francisco 49 ers, got on his knees in protest against police violence and racism in the 2016/17 season before NFL games. With his protest, Kaepernick triggered a movement, numerous players took over the gesture. This caused a lot of excitement, US President Donald Trump attacked mostly African American football stars. Kaepernick himself has been off since March 2017 and hasn't played an NFL match anymore. He accuses the clubs of not wanting to hire him for political reasons.
Cook broke: hotels get money from insurance
According to a press report, the bankruptcy of the travel provider Thomas Cook is likely to be expensive. High depreciation on outstanding bonds and loans is threatening. Credit Suisse is also affected by this, writes the ′′ Financial Times ′′ in its edition of Friday.
Banks such as Barclays, Morgan Stanley, UniCredit or Credit Suisse would probably have to have a total depreciation of up to 1,8 1,8 billion on their books (around rund 2 billion). According to the report, Euro). This would have shown estimates by the consulting company AlixPartners.
Bonds creditors would have to write off 900 million. up to 1 1 billion and lenders between 550 and 825 million Accepting pounds. The amounts actually to be written off should be more likely to be at the top of the bandwidths, an expert told the sheet.
How big the losses of creditors will actually be in the end will be, after the bankruptcy proceedings expire. One person close to this procedure did not spray too much hope. For example, Thomas Cook's around 40 planes in the UK are ′′ old ′′ and many of the properties are in bad shape. The most money could probably be collected with the sale of the airport slots as well as the Thomas Cook brand, said.
Rackete is said to have brought alleged murderers to Italy
Sea watch captain Carola Rackete may have brought men to Italy who are said to have tortured and killed people in Libya. ′′ We can't rule this out, but we don't have any secured information ourselves ", said the spokesperson for the refugee organization Sea-Watch, Ruben Neugebauer, the news agency dpa.
Other migrants would have recognized the three men in Italy. They are accused of raping, torturing and killing people in Libya. The alleged perpetrators were arrested in the reception camp in Messina, Italy. Neugebauer stressed that the refugee organizations could not verify who they let on their ships. ′′ They come without passports ".
Carola Rackete had illegally brought migrants to the port of Lampedusa on June 29., while ramming a ship from the Italian financial police. The three suspects were said to have arrived there that day. The captain is under investigation for aiding illegal immigration.
USA warns federal government about Huawei
The head of the US Federal Communications Commission (FCC), Ajit Pai, has warned the federal government against trusting Chinese network supplier Huawei.
We believe the risks are too great ", Pai told the ′′ Handelsblatt ′′ looking at building the new 5 G mobile network.
China has a ′′ national security law ′′ requiring every company ′′ under Chinese jurisdiction ′′ to follow instructions from the security bodies.
The current law also prohibits companies from informing third parties about such requests ", says FCC chief. This makes it very difficult to have confidence in the integrity of technical equipment and services.
The federal government has now agreed to demand a ′′ statement of trust ′′ from suppliers.
The ′′ Handelsblatt ′′ reports first of all, based on its own information, Berlin wants to try to control the risks, for example with technical solutions.
Pai doubts that this is possible. The 5 G technology is not just hardware:
Especially the software is important to keep the devices up to date. This software consists of billions of lines of program code that change over time ", said Pai.
It is ′′ very difficult to imagine ", that a government agency, ′′ no matter where, would be able to check every single update in real-time to detect security risks ", says FCC chief.
He accuses the Chinese corporation Huawei of close contacts with the Chinese state apparatus:
The ownership is opaque. The employee society, which allegedly owns the company, is not necessarily independent of the government ", Pai told the ′′ Handelsblatt ".
The US has evidence that government employees are placed within the company. Pai was recently in Berlin for talks to promote the US position.
Chemical plant in northern France is on fire: schools closed
At night residents hear explosions. A giant wall of fire illuminates the sky above a North French chemical factory. The fire is extinguished after hours - but the clean-up work could take days now.
After a fire at a chemical plant in the northern French city of Rouen on Thursday, schools and nurseries in the region will be closed.
In twelve municipalities, the facilities would not open on Friday, the prefecture in charge announced. The Interior Ministry had asked citizens to stay in buildings as much as possible and not expose themselves to smoke. There were no injuries. Farmers and breeders were encouraged to bring their animals inside, protect their feed and stop harvesting for now.
The fire could be completely extinguished on Thursday evening, as the prefecture announced. There is still a risk that smell will spread after the erasure, according to the prefecture on Twitter. According to the prefecture, there were 240 firefighters and 90 police officers and gendarmes in action at the fire site.
A gigantic black smoke column had previously risen from the chemical factory. French media reported huge flames and explosions at Lubrizol's factory making additive for oils. The production facility is located a few kilometres from the city centre.
According to the authorities, the factory in Normandy belongs in the so-called Seveso category of dangerous sites, which are particularly monitored. In Italy, Seveso near Milan, there was a devastating chemical accident in 1976
The Normandy region prefect, Pierre-André Durand, told the news station BFMTV that no ′′ high toxicity ′′ was initially found in samples. Pollution of the nearby Seine could not be ruled out though. The prefecture explained that dams were built against pollution in the river.
The fire broke out early in the morning around 02.40 am, the authorities reported. The cause remained unclear at first. Rouen is a regional metropolis located on the Seine between Paris and the port city of Le Havre.
French finance minister: ′′ Germany must invest now ′′
France's Economic and Financial Minister Bruno Le Maire has called for greater investment to boost economic growth in the eurozone.
Germany must invest now, the sooner the better ", said Le Maire on Thursday evening at the presentation of the French budget for the coming year.
The economy in the eurozone is weak, the minister warned.
We must not wait until the economic situation gets worse to make the necessary decisions ".
Le Maire said, among other things, with a view to Germany, those states that have budget room for more investment would have to act.
France does not have these leeway, the minister added, referring to his country's high national debt. This is more than 98 percent of gross domestic product. Le Maire said the French national debt must be ′′ stabilized ′′ and ′′ cut
In recent years, appeals have repeatedly come from France to Germany to make more public investments to revive the European economy. In return, German politicians have repeatedly asked France to tackle its budget deficit.
The French budget for 2020, presented on Thursday, provides for tax relief of more than nine billion euros for households.
This is how the French government responds to the protests of the yellow vest movement among other things. The new debt is scheduled to drop to 2,2 percent, after an expected 3,1 percent this year.
Is he still trying to trick?: Johnson dodging question about Brexit tactics
British Prime Minister Johnson strongly criticizes the ′′ surrender law ′′ passed by Parliament.
Parliament is back, a law requires the British Prime Minister to avoid a mess Brexit. Critics, however, fear Boris Johnson may still use a loophole. Addressed to this possibility, however, the Tory politician is avoiding.
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson is keeping a low profile on whether or not he wants to enforce an unregulated Brexit - despite the last law passed by Parliament, which is exactly what should prevent. On a corresponding question, Johnson just said to journalists that his government will abide by the law.
The law provides that the government will have to request a rescheduling of the exit date should no agreement be reached with the EU by mid-October. Johnson criticizes this as a ′′ surrender law ′′ that makes negotiations with the EU more difficult.
Former British Prime Minister John Major on Thursday had expressed the assumption that Johnson could attempt to use ′′ political harassment ′′ to circumvent the law. The premier could use a process knit that would postpone the entry into force of the law until the post-EU exit. Johnson said he is striving for a treaty with the European Union. ′′ We are confident to leave the EU on October 31., and the best way is by agreement ".
Johnson's Chief Advisor Dominic Cummings, meanwhile, declared that he regards Brexit as a ′′ walk in the park ′′ and was confident that the desired EU exit will still be achieved: ′′ We enjoy this, we will win, we will (Note d) Red.: leaving the EU), don't worry ", Cummings said at a book presentation according to the British newspaper ′′ Telegraph.:
Cummings, who led the Brexit campaign ′′ Vote Leave ′′ during the 2016 EU referendum, is now acting as Chief Strategist in the UK government seat Downing Street. He is supposed to be behind the uncompromising policy that led the Prime Minister into an almost unimaginable situation.
The Polaroid Diaries by Linda McCartney
Jimi Hendrix, Bob Dylan or Janis Joplin - they were all in front of Linda McCartney's camera, who has become one of the great rock photographers. But it doesn't always have to be the big glamour. The Polaroid Diaries photo book (bags) dives deep into the very private world of the McCartney family.
Paul McCartney, who was married to her from 1969 until Linda's death in 1998, was visibly proud and touched when he presented the book ′′ The Polaroid Diaries ′′ at the Victoria and Albert Museum in London in mid-September. The illustrious guests included Ringo Starr, Stella McCartney, Olivia Harrison and Pretenders frontwoman Chrissie Hynde.
After the launch event, McCartney wrote on Instagram: "# ThePolaroidDiaries is a fleeting look at the life of an extraordinary family from before Instagram, a celebration of LindaMcCartney's legacy as a dedicated artist and the instant magic of Polaroid film ".
With Linda McCartney, who had studied art history at the University of Aizona until she found photography, the camera was always there. Thousands of Polaroids have made them, several hundred of them are now being published for the first time in ′′ The Polaroid Diaries
It's portraits, still life, landscapes, several hamsters, a sheep in the kitchen and other interiors from the early 70 s until the late 90 s. ′′ She wanted real moments ", writes art critic Ekow Eshun in his foreword. And of course, one is always the focus: Her husband Paul - as you may never have seen him before.
There he dances with his daughter Mary on his shoulders, calls in a bathrobe with a bag on his head or carries unshaped moonboots. Sure, the McCartneys were an extraordinary family, but they lived a normal life beyond the spotlight on their farm in southern England or Scotland. According to the BBC, Mary McCartney said that she had slept in a bed as a baby her father had made out of old potato boxes. And it wasn't always cleaned up at the McCartneys either.
Like hardly any other medium, the Poloraid camera captures the immediate moment. Linda McCartney's footage is certainly some kind of family diary, but they're much more than pure snapshots.
It's about the decision click: You have to realize when a great photo happens in front of you. And then you have to take it at exactly the right moment ", Paul McCartney said. ′′ If you snap two seconds later or two seconds earlier, it can be a completely different photo ". And Linda would have had the gift of always capturing the right moment. ′′ She just knew she had it ", Paul said in the Eshun essay.
The light, the composition, the picture excerpt and the colors are true, which not only makes ′′ The Polaroid Diaries ′′ a fun book for Beatles fans, but also a great aesthetic pleasure, where landscapes are like abstract Painting works. The perfect addition to the newly released Beatles album ′′ Abbey Road ", released exactly 50 years ago.
′′ We will continue to buy oil and gas from Iran ′′
Turkey wants to continue to import oil and gas from neighboring countries despite US sanctions imposed on Iran. Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said in an interview published on Friday that Turkey cannot cancel oil and gas import from Iran.
We will continue to buy our natural gas from there ", Erdogan said in New York, where he attended the UN General Assembly.
Erdogan, however, admitted that Turkey was having problems importing Iranian petroleum as some companies had ′′ withdrawn due to US threats
Nevertheless, Turkey will ′′ continue our relations with Iran especially on this issue and on many other issues ", said the Turkish president, who repeatedly criticized US sanctions against Iran in the past.
The US has been pursuing a policy of ′′ maximum pressure ′′ towards the Islamic Republic since its exit from the international nuclear deal with Iran. According to the US, Iran is secretly pursuing a nuclear program and not complying with the agreement.
Their sanctions have led to the collapse of Iranian oil exports and a serious economic crisis in Iran. Over the past few months, tensions in the Gulf region have increased considerably.
U.S. government wants to restrict reception of refugees
The US government wants to drastically restrict the reception of refugees. The US State Department stated on Thursday that the annual ceiling of a resettlement program should be lowered from currently 30.000 to 18.000 refugees. That's a 40 percent incision.
The State Department stated that the US would continue to be committed to supporting refugees. But the most important task is to protect and serve US citizens. Currently, the US immigration system is overloaded.
In the future, the US government wants to focus on welcoming two refugee groups: people being persecuted for their beliefs - and Iraqis who helped the US military in the country and thus endangered, as per the State Department statement is coming out. A maximum of 1500 refugees will be welcomed from Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador.
The 1980 programme selects refugees from UN camps around the world and resettles in the US. The ceiling of 18.000 refugees for the 2020 budget year would be the lowest in the history of the program. The current ceiling of 30.000 is already a low. When US President Donald Trump's predecessor Barack Obama left the White House, the number was close to 85.000.
Aid organizations reacted horrified to the announced lowering of the ceiling. ′′ This is a very sad day for America ", said International Rescue Committee head David Miliband. The US would thus further damage its leadership role in protecting the world's most vulnerable people.
Trump is trying to strictly limit immigration to the US - legally as well as illegally. According to its own reports, the US government expects asylum applications for the coming budget year 350.000 These numbers are separated from the resettlement program.
Donald Trump - ′′ Get close to a snitch ′′
US President Donald Trump has accused clerks in the whistleblower affair of espionage. Whoever has inflicted appropriate clues on the informant accusing him of abuse of power, ′′ comes close to a snitch ", Trump said, according to a record of a private event in New York on Thursday. This is what several US media reports in line.
So Trump spoke in front of staff of the American UN mission. When asked about the person who informed the whistleblower about controversial processes in the White House, he replied, ′′ This is close to a snitch ". Then Trump added: ′′ Do you know what we were doing in old times when we were Were smart? That's right. The spies and betrayals, we used to deal with it a little differently than we do now ".
Observers valued the latter comment on a possible allusion to the death penalty. The Democrats criticized Trump's statements and accused him of intimidating witnesses. It was also an attempt to obstruct a congressional inquiry into a possible impeachment proceedings against him, wrote the chairmen of the Foreign Affairs, Intelligence and Oversight Committees in the House of Representatives.
The whistleblower accuses the president of abusing his office in a now published complaint to request another country's interference in the 2020 US election. Specifically, he is talking about his controversial telephone call with his Ukrainian counterpart Volodymyr Selenskyj in the summer: In the conversation, Trump encouraged him to initiate investigations into his possible democratic challenger Joe Biden and his son Hunter in Ukraine. Trump denies any misconduct.
It is unclear yet who both the whistleblower himself and his informants are. However, as the New York Times reports, the whistleblower is said to be an analyst of the CIA abroad intelligence service.
Refugee boat capsized: baby and toddlers drowning in Aegean
People keep trying to get from Turkey to Greece via the Aegean Sea. The often too small boats regularly capsize. Seven migrants have now died in the downfall of an inflatable boat - including five children.
Seven migrants were killed in the destruction of a inflatable boat in the Greek island of Chios. Among the fatalities there were also a baby and four other children, the Greek coast guard reported. Four children, three women and five men were thus rescued from the floods by the crew of a passing ferry.
Among the victims there is also a smuggler, reported the local news portal of Chios, Alithia. gr. The migrants had left Turkey in the morning. They had tried to reach the small island group Inousses in the northeast of Chios island. Inousses lies between Chios and mainland Turkey.
It is not yet known which states the migrants originate from. Currently, hundreds of migrants from Turkey are transferring to the Greek islands in the east of the Aegean Sea, mostly in far too small boats. Last year, 174 people were killed on this route, according to the United Nations Refugee Fund (UNHCR).
The Who are canceling concert
A US concert by rock band The Who has come to an end due to an indisposition of lead singer Roger Daltrey. In the midst of Wednesday evening (local time) performance in Houston, his voice failed to serve. On the eighth song, Daltrey told the audience, ′′ I think I should stop while it's still on ".
Lead guitarist Pete Townsend apologized and added that Daltrey really can't speak now. Townsend promised the audience to get his expense at a redress concert. There is no date yet.
Performances scheduled for Friday in Dallas and Sunday in Denver cancelled. They are to be made up at a later date. 75-year-old Daltrey and his 74-year-old bandmate Townsend are the only remaining founding members. The British cult band formed 55 years ago.
Rental suddenly stopped: WeWork makes real estate markets tremble
In New York, WeWork has become the largest office tenant.
Within a few years, WeWork is rising from small startup to driving force in the world's most expensive real estate markets. But now the company is in crisis. Landlords must fear for billions of revenue.
The crisis of the office landlord WeWork threatens to disrupt the balance in the world's largest real estate markets. A few days ago, the company had deposited founder Adam Neumann as boss, postponed the planned IPO and started selling subsidiaries and assets like the private jet for the executive to gain financial leeway for the coming weeks and months. In addition, the British Financial Times reports that WeWork has stopped the completion of new rentals with immediate effect. This makes the largest office space tenant suddenly off the market in New York and London.
WeWork rents large office space in the long term and rents it to members in small units at short notice. These can be individual freelancers, small startups or entire departments of large corporations. So far, WeWork is burning money at breathtaking speed with this business. Last year, the company recorded a $ 1,6 billion loss, with revenue of $ 1,8 billion. This year alone, the rental costs of renting new large land are said to have increased to an estimated $ 2,5 billion. In order to limit the loss, the new company management is now said to have pulled the emergency brake and stopped renting new areas with immediate effect.
According to the Financial Times, WeWork has now concluded leases with maturity of up to 15 years, resulting in commitments of more than $ 40 billion. These huge liabilities could become a problem not only for the company itself and its investors, but for entire real estate markets.
According to calculations by economist Dan Alpert from Cornell Law School in New York, WeWork rented close to 300.000 square feet of office space in Manhattan, one of the world's most expensive real estate markets, in the past 24 months. WeWork's new contracts alone made New York office demand greater than the newly launched space during this period. Without WeWork's expansion, the office vacancy in the US metropolis would have increased during this time, as Alpert wrote in the ′′ Business Insider It looks similar in London, where WeWork now operates several dozen office locations in a prime location.
Even in the British capital, the balance in the real estate market could be noticeably shifting without further expansion of the aggressive startup. Among other things, WeWork is the main tenant, in an office building purchased last year by Sparkasse fund provider Deka for almost 100 million euros in the centre of the financial metropolis.
Many landlords have converted their properties to the demands of WeWork with high investments. If WeWork fails to make its business model profitable soon, the property owners would probably have to write off some of the billions of revenue hoped for. They don't have access to WeWork's reserves despite the long-term leases. The rental of the individual sites of WeWork is usually carried out by subsidiaries, so-called Special Purpose Vehicles, for which the parent company is only liable within limited limits.
Russia once again arrested numerous North Korean fishermen
The Russian coast guard has once again taken action against North Korean fishermen. In the past few days, a total of 262 poachers were arrested, who would have illegally fished in the waters, according to the Russian domestic intelligence service FSB, the agency Interfax reported on Friday.
Just ten days ago, 161 fishermen from North Korea were arrested. Previously, the border guards had been shot and three of them had been injured. This time there were no injuries, they said. Communist North Korea is suffering from chronic food shortage.
The North Korean fishermen were therefore travelling in Russian territorial waters. According to Russia's coastal guard is driving patrols there to protect its marine biological resources. During the re-checks, 30.000 octopus were discovered. In addition, according to three fishing and two motorboats, the data were seized and brought to Nachodka and Posjet near Vladivostok. According to the agency Ria Nowosti, the Coast Guard found a total of more than 8.000 violations in 2018
The Russian fishing authority had not issued any fishing licenses to the North Koreans this year, even after complaints from local entrepreneurs. According to the media, thousands of fishermen from North Korea have been arrested there for a while.
The head of the association of Russian fishing companies in the Far Eastern Primorje region, Georgi Martynow, also recently complained of severe ecological damage caused by North Korean fishermen. They were fishing with close-mesh synthetic nets banned in Russia. With these, small beings would also be taken out of the sea. In addition, the nets would simply be disposed of in the ocean, where it would take them 200 years to be decomposed. Even the ships themselves do not comply with hygienic and technical regulations.
According to Moscow, three members of the Russian coast guard were injured during the arrests last week. According to the FSB, a North Korean also wounded, died later from his injuries. On that 17. September, Russian border guards initially fixed a North Korean boat and then a second one after it opened the fire.
USA imposes ban on entry against ex president Castro
The US has imposed entry bans on former Cuban president Raúl Castro and his children. The American Foreign Ministry justified this in a statement on Thursday with Castro's participation in ′′ gross human rights violations ". As head of the Communist Party of the Caribbean State, he is chairman of a system in which thousands of Cubans are arbitrarily arrested and there are more than 100 political prisoners...
As chairman of the Armed Forces, the brother of the dead revolutionary leader Fidel Castro is also complicit in human rights violations there by supporting President Nicolás Maduro. ′′ The Cuban regime's disregard for human rights and the use of force to support the former Maduro regime are responsible for the ongoing crises in Cuba and Venezuela ", tweeted American Foreign Minister Mike Pompeo.
On Wednesday, President Donald Trump had declared ban on entry, among other things, against members of the Venezuelan government and the military. In Venezuela, a fierce power struggle has been raging between the government and opposition for months. The US has imposed a whole series of sanctions on Maduro's government to bring him to his knees and to power the opposition leader and self-proclaimed interim president Juan Guaidó.
Cuba is considered one of Maduro's closest allies. Socialist Caribbean Island receives oil from Venezuela in exchange for the services of doctors sent. According to the US and the Venezuelan opposition, Cuba has also sent numerous intelligence agents to Venezuela to help the government repress anti-government.
New climate protests from Fridays for Future
One week after the largest international climate protests to date, thousands of people want to take to the streets again today for more climate protection.
At the end of an international climate strike week, the Fridays for Future movement is once again planning actions and rallies in dozens of countries worldwide. New Zealand and Australia should start because of the time shift before protests over Europe go all the way to North America. There, climate activist Greta Thunberg wanted to participate in a major rally in Montreal, Canada. Protesters also wanted to gather outside the White House in Washington.
The extent of global encouragement this Friday after the record turnout last week is relatively unclear. Thunberg himself was good things. ′′ Last Friday, over four million people went on strike for the climate. This Friday we'll do it again!", she wrote on Twitter. So far, during the strike week, there have been 6383 actions in 170 countries, she added.
Especially in Germany last Friday the inflow was very large. A good third of all worldwide protesters - around 1,4 million - had participated in the protests in 575 German cities, according to Fridays for Future. This time, according to a list of the movement, rallies are planned in at least 65 cities. Among them in cities such as Berlin, Hamburg, Munich and Cologne, but also in smaller communities and cities like Jüchen in North Rhine-Westphalia or Westerland on Sylt, people want to take to the streets for the climate.
At the age of then 15, Thunberg sat before the Swedish Parliament in August 2018 to encourage their country's politicians to work harder for climate protection. This resulted in the Fridays for Future movement within a short time. Students and students are mainly participating in the climate protests, but to an increasing extent scientists and other adults.
Together they demand more ambition from politics in the fight against earth heat and the impending climate catastrophe. Above all, according to the Paris Climate Agreement, global warming must be contained to below 1,5 degrees compared to pre-industrial times.
Thunberg had arrived in New York just over a month ago after a two-week transatlantic trip with a high sea racing yacht. There she had last participated in United Nations climate protests and summits. On Monday, she gave an emotional speech at the UN, urging the world leaders to express their conscience. On Wednesday, she was awarded the Right Livelihood Foundation's Alternative Nobel Prize for her commitment to more climate protection.
Russia prohibits smoking on the balcony
People in Russia will no longer be allowed to smoke on the balcony in future. This is a change in fire protection. ′′ That goes for smoking too ", a spokesperson for the emergency ministry in Moscow said Tass on Thursday. The ban is scheduled to come into force on October 1.
Those who still smoke must therefore expect a fine of 3.000 rubles (42,46 euros). If the cigarette starts a fire, then the penalty will be higher. According to the ministry, the ban also includes burning candles. Grilling meat skewers on the balcony is no longer allowed.
Strike against cybercriminals - Investigators lift servers
In the fight against crimes on the internet, German investigators have for the first time digging a large server provider for illegal business in Darknet.
A total of 13 perpetrators are suspected of hosting numerous websites as operators of a data center in a former NATO bunker in Traben-Trarbach on the Moselle, via which internationally operating criminals operated their machinations.
The Attorney General in Koblenz announced this. Seven suspects were arrested on Thursday evening during a big action. Darknet is a shielded part of the internet.
Customers of suspects are said to have been the operators of the world's second largest Darknet drug marketplace, ′′ Wall Street Market ", among others - investigators had smashed it in spring. According to the Attorney General, the attack on 1,25 million telecom routers at the end of November 2016 was also controlled via a server in the cyberbunker.
Such a hoster was first excavated in Germany, it was said. A web hoster provides the infrastructure for an internet presence.
In the access campaign with the support of special forces like the GSG9 there have been searches in Germany and neighboring countries. She was the result of nearly five years of investigation. At noon, investigators want to inform about further details.
New global climate protests from Fridays for Future
One week after the largest international climate protests to date, thousands of people want to hit the streets again today for more climate protection.
At the end of an international climate strike week, the Fridays for Future movement once again planned actions and rallies in dozens of countries worldwide.
Protests are planned in at least 65 cities in Germany, including cities such as Berlin, Hamburg, Munich and Cologne, but also in smaller communities and cities like Jüchen in North Rhine-Westphalia or Westerland on Sylt. Climate activist Greta Thunberg wants to participate in a major rally in Montreal, Canada.
Climate protests Klimaproteste Who are Thunberg's behind men?
Sense of justice and courage are high virtues, even in the 21. th century, in a world full of war and smoke factories that warm the climate. All the more amazing that a 16-year-old girl of all times holds the mirror in front of the power people of this time. But what's behind it? Is it helpful or smart marketing of a climate activist? Historical masterpiece or manipulative tactics for your own sake?
On the one hand, Greta Thunberg sets the masses in motion and makes young people rise up for a better climate-friendly world. Historically, it's not the first time in Europe that a young person has managed to win a collection of children and young people for himself. Already in 1212, a child named Nikolaus from Cologne felt chosen to stand up for a fairer world. Back then, he also won a crowd of young people and persuaded them to cross the sea to enter the promised land, similar to Greta Thunberg recently embarked on a sailboat.
But is there a dark side to this? Why does it take a stock called ′′ We don't have time ′′ to save the world? In addition, Greta Thunberg has rich PR managers by her side. By the way, her mother published a book that sold far-reaching thanks to the spotlight daughter. Even old-established followers of Greta Thunberg were a little outraged by the last PR show, respectively. the journey by boat was probably too thick for some successors. This is not unfounded either, because the action was very well implemented in the media worldwide and a lot of money flows thanks to the impressive action.
This is where the spirits divorce now: Is it morally right to enrich yourself financially when saving the world? Is it still authentic when certain people work with stockbrokers during the world rescue operation? No matter what position is ultimately taken, a critical and reflective point of view is increasingly important in a democratic society, because democracy lives on different opinions and discussions. That's why it can make sense to critically question seemingly pious projects of certain trendsetters.
Comet discovered: Interstellar guest crosses through our solar system
A foreign comet is currently crossing our solar system.
The astronomers have confirmed: A foreign comet is currently interfering with our solar system - it's only the second of its kind.
Garching / Washington - For a long time, researchers have only suspected it, but now they have certainty: A comet from another star is crossing our solar system at the moment. He was baptized after his discoverer 2 I / Borisov and currently employs astronomers worldwide.
2 I / Borisov: Comet was discovered by amateur astronomers in Crimea
The said body was discovered by an amateur astronomer named Gennady Borisov in Crimea. He looked up to heaven with a homemade telescope and further follow-ups confirmed his first suspicion. It's actually an unknown comet that doesn't come from our solar system. He is only the second of his kind to be spotted while passing through.
The great opportunity for astronomers is now to gain close insights into a foreign solar system. Apparently, the comet resembles those of our own system, as reported by the Astrophysical Institute of the Canary Islands. According to the International Astronomical Union (IAC), the comet is clearly interstellar origin and is currently moving on a so-called hyperbolic track that takes it out of our system.
Comet has already been spotted before approach - and can be observed for several months
But before the time comes, astronomers can watch him closely. Because unlike its predecessor, 2 I / Borisov has already been spotted in its approach, meaning he can be examined from Earth for many months. ′′ The object will reach the greatest brightness in mid-December and will then be on display with medium-sized telescopes until April 2020 ", explains Davide Farnocchia of the US Space Agency Nasa. ′′ After that, it will only be observed with larger, professional telescopes until October 2020 ".
The predecessor of the new visitor: 1 I / 2017 U1 ′′ Oumuamua ".
Initial findings on Comet 2 I / Borisov awakens hopes in science
According to the initial findings, the comet is estimated at 2 to 16 kilometers in diameter. At the same time, the celestial body seems similar to our comets - because as IAC researcher Julia de León puts it, the spectrum of tail star is similar to ours. This observation suggests that comets in other solar systems could form through processes similar to ours, added de Leóns's colleague Javier Licandro.
The observation goes beyond individual knowledge though. The fact that two such objects have already been discovered within just two years may allow a new path to explore certain processes in other solar systems.
Again and again asteroids keep employing the researchers. Just recently, a giant asteroid raced past Earth and came dangerously close to it.
′′ Absolutely reprehensible ": Rachel Johnson horrified by brother
Boris Johnson is getting lonely. First his younger brother leaves the cabinet, now his sister is plainly scourging the prime minister's warlike language as ′′ tasteless ". It's not the brother she knows.
′′ Surrender ", ′′ Scam ", contract ": Prime Minister Boris Johnson is under pressure and continues to upgrade - at least verbally. At Question Time in the House of Commons this Wednesday, this came across massive outrage from the opposition, and now more critics have spoken: dozens of bishops and his own sister Rachel Johnson.
The well-known journalist and author told Sky News that her brother uses words like surrender, as if the opponents of an EU exit should be ′′ hanged, stretched, quadrupled, tarred and feathered She thinks this is extremely reprehensible. She doesn't recognize her brother's version, said Rachel Johnsons, who had competed for the ′′ Change UK ′′ anti-Brexit party in the EU Parliament elections.
She especially pushed herself to the fact that her brother Jo Cox mentioned, an EU-friendly House of Commons who had been murdered by a neo-Nazi a few days before the 2016 exit referendum. Boris Johnson had said in the House of Commons to honour their memory by going through Brexit. ′′ It's very tasteless to refer to a member murdered by someone who called Britain first ", now criticized Johnson's sister. The perpetrator has obviously come from the far-right camp, which feels ′′ strengthened by this kind of language For all who grieved for her, be it very tasteless.
Cox's widower also strongly criticized the prime minister. ′′ It makes me sick when Jo's name is used like this ", he tweeted. The best way to honor them is by passionately and determinedly advocating for what you believe in, no matter what view you are. But you should never ′′ demonize the other side ". He also complained that an atmosphere had arisen in which attacks were more likely.
Just a few weeks ago Boris Johnson younger brother Jo resigned as Secretary of State and his mandate as Tory Representative. ′′ I've been torn between loyalty to family and national interest in recent months - it's an indissoluble tension ", Jo Johnson justified the step.
Johnson's language also encountered sharp criticism in the church. As the ′′ Times ′′ reports, all 118 bishops and archbishops of the Church of England criticize the language that is ′′ not worthy of this country In a joint statement, they stated: ′′ In the past few days, the language, both in debates and outside parliament, has not been acceptable. We should speak with respect ".
Shakira and Jennifer Lopez performing at the Super Bowl
The NFL sets a strong mark in the year of its 100th anniversary: in the halftime show of the upcoming Super Bowl, two women with latino roots are performing. They promise ′′ an explosion of fun and energy ".
Latina power at Super Bowl: Superstars Shakira (42) and Jennifer Lopez (50) will deliver the halftime show at the upcoming U.S. Football League final. The organizers announced this on Thursday (local time).
′′ I am incredibly honoured and humbled to represent the Latino community alongside JLo. Because this one has an incredible strength in the US ", Shakira shared in a video.
The American football league finale, celebrating its 100. th birthday next year, will take place in Miami on February 2. Many people with Latin American roots live in the metropolis at the southern tip of Florida. Shakira (′′ Waka Waka ′′) comes from Colombia, Lopez (′′ On the Floor ′′) is Puerto Rican origin.
′′ I love that the Super Bowl is putting two women on stage this time - and two Latinas ", Lopez explained. This send an important message to all Americans and the world. She promises for the show ′′ an explosion of fun and energy ".
The 50-year-old was born in New York after her parents emigrated from Puerto Rico. In the 2000 s, she landed big hits with songs like ′′ Waiting For Tonight ′′ or ′′ Let's Get Loud ′′ and later released songs in Spanish. Lopez also works as an actress and will be featured in the drama ′′ Hustlers ′′ in German cinemas from November.
Shakira became known in Colombia as the star of a telenovela and singer. In 2001 she made her worldwide breakthrough with her first bilingual album and the single ′′ Whenever, Whereever ".
Halftime guests are expected to announce with excitement every time in the US. This year, many consider the selection a political gesture. After all, the country is deeply divided, not least by President Donald Trump's immigration policy.
The Super Bowl is the largest US sporting event and also a gigantic advertising spectacle. Musicians such as Justin Timberlake, Beyoncé, Lady Gaga, Katy Perry, Madonna, Bruno Mars and the Rolling Stones caused a furore there. As a rule, well over 100 million TV viewers watch at the NFL final, it is now also very popular in Germany.
Political controversy occurred in the past year. The reason was the dispute over quarterback Colin Kaepernick, who refused, in protest against police violence against black people, to rise up while playing the national anthem, and had been tackled harshly by US President Donald Trump, among other things. Out of solidarity with Kaepernick, some musicians rejected a super bowl performance - including Rihanna and Pink. The fact that the rock group Maroon 5 performed was ultimately criticized by many.
An actor and Youtuber sets Egypt's ruler: For now Mohamed Ali prefers to stay abroad.
The two men who have influence over whether there is blood flowing again on the streets of Egypt have both spent the past week abroad. One of them floated back in Cairo Airport on Friday. President Abdelfattah al-Sisi returned from the UN General Assembly. The ex-general, who deposed Muslim brother Mohammed Morsi, the country's first freely elected head of state, had spent a pleasant time in New York: US President Donald Trump had praised Sisis's action against political Islam and no syllable over lost human rights violations on the Nile - in a week when Egypt's security forces arrested hundreds of people for daring to protest the president. He has ′′ no cause to worry ", Sisi said at the airport into the microphones of state television. ′′ The Egyptians will not be misled ".
Leading astray - in the opinion of the president, the other man who is currently determining what happens on the streets is trying. Mohamed Ali, of course, remained abroad, where he escaped the access of the security forces who would arrest him immediately if he tried to enter Egyptian soil. Weeks ago, the 45-year-old was known as an actor to only a minority of Egyptians. Today, he is the tone voice that dominates the political discourse in the country's cafes, living rooms and tea rooms: With his YouTube channel ′′ Mohamed's Secrets Ali calls on his compatriots to rise up against Sisi.
He addresses the head of state directly and in quite rustic language. While the people are starving, the president is indulging in luxury and having magnificent new palaces built, they say. Ali accuses corruption and enrichment of the army leadership on which Sisi is based. Because he did business with these gentlemen for 15 years in his second job as a contractor, he seems to know quite exactly what he's talking about - at least that's the impression of many Egyptians, as the almost exploding click numbers show.
After last week, for the first time since Sisi's Griff for power, thousands had demonstrated against his rule and nearly 2000 citizens, among them prominent figures of civil society, human rights lawyers and opposition politicians, were arrested, Ali called for a ′′ million march ′′ for this Friday. It was unlikely that so many people would really venture out into the streets. But there were isolated minor protests, for example in Giseh near Cairo and in Kina near Luxor. Videos on social media showed protests that participants accused Al-Sisi of corruption and demanded his exit. In these protests, the police also used tear gas and rubber bullets. These videos could not be independently verified at first. Security circles said the police stopped the protests.
Massive police presence was reported from the city of Mansura in the Nile Delta, where protesters ripped banner with the president's portrait last week. Security forces built checkpoints in the city and on the outage roads. In Cairo, several metro stations in the city centre were closed due to ′′ maintenance most roads around Tahrirplatz, the heart of the 2011 revolution, were blocked. And in Rabaa Square, where 2013 supporters of the overthrown Muslim brother Morsi hid themselves until the army took them under fire and killed up to 800 people, another measure should prevent dissatisfaction from gathering: Sisis's future party wanted of all things holding a major rally for the president here.
Mohamed Ali prompted these precautions to change his tactics: ′′ Our target doesn't have to be Tahrirplatz ", Ali said in Barcelona, to his video camera. ′′ Let's not bump into police officers ". But as a retreat, it's unbelievable: ′′ All of Egypt is the Tahrirplatz ".
When the provider promises too much power
If the internet connection always seems much slower than advertised by the provider, there are different testing options.
Anyone who concludes an internet contract doesn't need to blindly trust the speed data of the providers. Customers can check for themselves how much of this is actually achieved in the event of strikes.
Finally, the rates of transmission promised in advance are an integral part of the contract and should therefore also be achieved, explains the Bavarian Consumer Centre.
If the connection always seems much slower than advertised by the provider, there are different testing options. For example, the measuring tools of the Federal Network Agency (BNetzA) measure the actual data transmission rates and compare them with the agreed rate in the contract.
′′ However, the tests of the providers are carried out according to provider-specific requirements and are therefore not calculated uniformly and objectively ", says the Bavarian Consumer Centre on its side.
If the connection is much slower than announced, customers can set the provider a reasonable period of usually 14 days to produce the service promised. That's what people affected do best in writing by filing letters.
If this doesn't work even after several requests, customers can quit and may also claim compensation. But if success is unsuccessful, only the lawsuit will help.
First ranked republican for investigation
As the first senior Republican, the governor of Vermont has spoken out in favor of an impeachment investigation against US President Donald Trump. ′′ I think the investigation is important, yes, and where this leads from here is determined by the facts that are found ", Phil Scott said at a press conference on Thursday. He wants to know more about the whistleblower affair before action - an impeachment procedure can lead to the removal of the president - is taken.
Scott said he is not surprised by revelations that Trump repeatedly called on Ukrainian President Volodymyr Selenskyj in a telephone call to investigate interventions by the Democratic presidential candidate and former Vice President Joe Biden in Ukraine. Because Trump has been watching Biden ′′ for years ".
Republicans have so far held back with criticism of Trump for the whistleblower affair; few have shown discomfort because of it. Scott's statements are a first sign of this in Trump's party. Scott, a moderate Republican, has already turned against Trump's policies several times, such as easing environmental regulations and tightening immigration regulations.
Spider-Man stays in MCU: Another Marvel movie planned
It was a shock to all Spider Man fans: at the end of August it was announced that Sony and Marvel will go their separate ways in the future. Tom Holland's Spider-Man would no longer be part of the ′′ Avengers ′′ universe. It was completely unclear how the movies about Tom Holland should continue.
Now the surprise: After ′′ Spider-Man: Homecoming ′′ and ′′ Spider-Man: Far From Home Spider-Man receives another final third film within the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). This is what several US media reports in line. According to this, theatrical release should already be confirmed: In the USA, the film will start from 16. July 2021
In the magazine ′′ Screenrant Marvel-Boos Kevin Fige quotes: ′′ I am delighted that Spidey's path continues in MCU. Me and everyone at Marvel studios are delighted we can continue working on this... He is the only super hero with the ability to play in different universes as Sony continues to work on his spidey verses. You never know what the future will bring ".
But how does the sudden good news come about? Allegedly Sony Marvel made an offer. According to industry magazines, Disney, which includes Marvel, would contribute 30 percent to the revenue of upcoming Spider Man films. The message is not confirmed though.
This is how Duchess Meghan and Prince Harry show up in Suits finals
After nine seasons, the series ′′ Suits ′′ in the USA has now reached the grand finals. There were many happy endings in the last episode and as many cameo performances. And also tribute to royal couple Prince Harry (35) and his Meghan (38), who played in the series for many years, was charmingly paid tribute. Attention, the following sections contain spoilers for the series finale.
One thing ahead: Duchess Meghan did not return in the final for a final farewell greeting as Rachel Zane, at least not for new scenes. Instead, some throwbacks showed once again the most memorable scenes with today's Duchess. Like the moments of the failed and successful wedding with Mike or how she welcomes him after his prison sentence.
But her real husband, Prince Harry, was also mentioned casually in the ′′ Suits ′′ final, of course in a wedding scene. As Louis Litt (Rick Hoffman, 49) walks down the aisle to marry his Verlobte Sheila (Rachael Harris, 51), Harvey Specter (Gabriel Power, 47) makes a promising remark about his suit. Whether he actually threw himself a walking skirt, the groom's dope Harvey wants to know, only to say snippically: ′′ Louis, you're not the Prince of England ".
Aegean: Baby and four other children drown in boat crash
Kentering a refugee boat in the Aegean Sea, a baby and four other children drowned. In total, seven people died in the accident, as the Greek coast guard announced on Friday. The nationalities are still unclear.
The boat sank near the Greek island of Inousses, which lies between the island of Chios and mainland Turkey. Four children, three women and five men were saved.
Currently, hundreds of migrants from Turkey are transferring to the Greek islands in the east of the Aegean. Last year, 174 people were killed on this route, according to the United Nations Refugee Fund (UNHCR). Federal Minister of the Interior Horst Seehofer has now announced that he wants to visit both countries.
Together with his French colleague and the EU Commissioner responsible, he wants to ′′ inform himself about the situation in Turkey about the refugee situation ", said Seehofer on Friday. He then wanted to learn more about the ′′ administrative problems of Greeks ′′ in Athens in order to be able to help cope.
On Friday, a spokeswoman for the EU Commission confirmed the planned trip to Seehofer with EU Interior Commissioner Dimitris Avramopoulos and France's Interior Minister Christophe Castaner.
In Greece, unusually many migrants from Turkey continue to arrive. On Tuesday alone, 654 people transferred to the Greek islands, it was said by the Greek Ministry of Civil Protection on Wednesday.
Is the Turkey deal still working?
The increased numbers last raised doubts about the functioning of the EU-Turkey Agreement concluded in 2016 This provides that the EU can send back all refugees and migrants illegally coming to the Greek islands via Turkey. In return, the EU wanted to take in a Syrian refugee from Turkey for every deported Syrian.
However, the processing of applications for asylum is making a lot of progress on the Greek side due to lack of staff. According to the Ministry of Civil Protection, nearly 29 people are waiting for Lesbos, Chios, Samos, Leros and Kos. The worst is the situation in Lesbos: 5200 migrants are currently housed in a warehouse with capacity for 650 people.
There have never been so many since the entry into force of the EU-Turkey Refugee Pact in March 2016, the state broadcasting radio reported.
Climate change: heat leads to more heart attacks
According to doctors, climate change will put the healthcare system to the test in the future. Climate change is ′′ certainly ′′ one of the biggest challenges for the healthcare system in the next 20 to 50 years, said Andreas Zeiher, president of the German Society for Cardiology. Especially the cardiovascular system caused high temperatures and large temperature jumps within a short time and led to heart attacks more and more. People with cardiovascular disease, elderly and diabetics are affected.
Green politician has to answer for embarrassing photo glitch
The Canadian Greens boss, Elizabeth May, in the campaign - was the cup manipulated for this reason?
The Canadian Green boss holds a reusable cup in her hand in a photo. But now it came out: The cup was manipulated.
Ottawa / Canada - It has gone unnoticed for quite a long time - and finally noticed. Elizabeth May, head of the Canadian Greens, never held the reusable metal straw cup. On the party's website she was shown in a photo with this cup, talking to citizens. However, the photo had already been published before and also distributed to the media - and the cup was still a schnöder (cardboard) cup, as reported by the Canadian National Post.
Green boss has to answer for photo glitch
The National Post then accused May of manipulation and that the party was producing fake news to appear more credible on the topic of ′′ environmental protection And that in the middle of an election campaign for the House of Commons, where Trudeau is also having an increasingly difficult time due to a bribe scandal.
The photo went viral on social media and started the discussion about fake news. A user shares a comparison of the photos and writes: ′′ The Greens manipulate a photo of their chairmen to hide their disposable cup ".
May was shocked and claimed on her blog that he didn't know about this action. To underline this, she posted the original: She, talking to citizens, a cup in her hand. However, he set her right, was made of bamboo. She always got him with her. A spokeswoman for the party said it was all about accommodating the party logo in the picture, not covering something up. Only one excerpt is left of the photo on the website.
May writes her sorry for the employee who did this. ′′ I don't want to call him stupid, but there was nothing to hide ", she says to the Guardian at the same time asked herself something from her over-committed team: ′′ If they feel like editing a picture again, they couldn ' t what to do with my face to look younger?"
The German Greens also got into shitstorms because of their use of single-use plastic or air travel - but their pictures were not photoshopped. So the boss of the Bavarian Greens, Katharina Schulze, ate ice cream with plastic spoon on vacation, like mercury. de * reported.
Influencer wants free upgrade: lifelong flight ban on Cathay
Allegedly, Jaqueline Ng was granted an upgrade by mail from Cathay Pacific. But when she asked for it at check in, she wasn't allowed to board - and she should never be allowed to fly with Cathay again.
Spontaneously upgraded to the Business Class - many passengers dream of it. Sometimes they get lucky, and the staff at check in offer a change from Economy Class for free.
However, this case shows how not to do it: A self-explained influencer actively asked Cathay Pacific for a free upgrade. On Instagram follow Jaqueline Ng more than 65.000 users. May 30. th she flew back from Taiwan to New York and June 7. th.
On the way out, staff refused to upgrade Jaqueline despite showing an email saying her Cathay Pacific upgrade. Writing is said to have received the influencer from a marketing employee of the airline. The airline, on the other hand, accuses Jaqueline of faking the mail.
On the return flight, Jaqueline tried again to upgrade the long haul flight. This time the woman is said to have shown the same mail, but with a different reference number. The staff at JFK airport were skeptical: they checked at the headquarters. And in fact, the clerk from whom the mail allegedly originated is said to have denied mail contact with Jaqueline. This also confirmed the mail system where the news didn't show up.
Airline workers at the airport cancelled Jaqueline's ticket and imposed a lifelong flight ban with Cathay Pacific. For $ 1.400 (around 1.280 euros) she had to buy a new flight ticket to Taiwan.
With her case, the influencer turned to Elliot Advocacy, a company that represents consumer interests. Because Cathay had refunded her the price of her original ticket, but Jaqueline also claimed the cost of the new ticket.
But as long as Jaqueline doesn't submit the metadata of the mail, the case remains clear: For Cathay, the influencer has committed fraud, she will remain closed for future flights. The terms and conditions of the airline also state that it does not have to pay for the new flight. Jaqueline doesn't want to settle for this - and now hiring a lawyer.
Oil prices are giving in after report on ceasefire in Yemen
Oil prices fell by more than a dollar within no time on Friday noon. Last, a barrel (159 liters) of the North Sea variety Brent cost $ 61,83-around 1,4 percent less than the day before. The price of a barrel of the American variety West Texas Intermediate (WTI) dropped by 1,3 percent to $ 55,77
The course slide triggered a report by the Wall Street Journal on a ceasefire in Yemen. Saudi Arabia is said to have approved a ceasefire in four areas.
A drone attack on Saudi Arabia's oil facilities had stopped five percent of world oil production in mid-September. The Houthi rebels allied with Iran in the civil war country of Yemen claimed the attacks. Saudi Arabia blames Iran like the US government. A ceasefire would defuse the region's political tension.
Should an agreement actually come to an end, one could concentrate on growth and demand concerns, said Ole Hansen, head of the raw materials strategy department at Saxo Bank of the news agency Bloomberg.
Oil prices continue its downward movement of the past few days. A week ago, a barrel of WTI oil had cost up to almost $ 59, Brent almost $ 65
Recently, Bloomberg had reported insider repairs to oil facilities in Saudi Arabia are progressing faster than expected after the attack in mid-September. Accordingly, the production volume has again reached a volume of eight million barrels per day and is again moving towards the original quantity.
Lastly, there were press releases on several occasions, calling for insiders, which report rapid progress by Saudi Aramco in the repair work. Commodity experts, however, pointed out that Saudi Aramco is currently planning an IPO and avoiding negative headlines.
At the same time, some relaxation in the conflict between Iran and Western countries was suggested: the British oil tanker ′′ Stena Impero ′′ is on its way to leaving the port more than two months after Iran was set and the recent release issued. The crew is now preparing to leave while the ship is still at anchor, shipping chief Erik Hånell told Swedish broadcasting in a text message on Friday morning.
However, the US announced to move defensive missiles and soldiers to Iranian arch enemy in Saudi Arabia. The fear of an escalation between the Islamic Republic and countries like the US and Britain has temporarily boosted oil prices significantly in recent weeks.
Accusations against Trump are getting worse
Cover-up charges against the White House have become loud in the affair of possible abuse of power by US President Donald Trump. Several leading government officials had tried hard to prevent access to the wording of the conversation at the end of July after a controversial telephone call between Trump and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Selenskyj. This was explained by an anonymous hint. House spokeswoman, Democrat Nancy Pelosi, explicitly accused the White House of cover-up. Trump spoke of a ′′ witch hunt ".
North Korea thinks third summit of Trump and Kim is questionable
North Korea has doubted that there will soon be a third summit of power Kim Jong-un and US President Donald Trump in the nuclear dispute. The meaning and prospects of such a meeting are questionable due to a lack of progress in implementing agreements of the first summit in Singapore, said top diplomat Kim Kye-gwan on Friday according to KCNA.
The US has so far done nothing to implement the decisions of the summit last year, said the North Korean Foreign Ministry advisor. He also criticized tightened US sanctions and common military manoeuvres between the US and South Korea. But he hopes for a ′′ wise ′′ and ′′ courageous ′′ decision of Trump so that there will be an approach again.
Trump had said Monday he wanted to know what a third summit with Kim should bring before he agreed to do so. Negotiations for disarmament of North Korea's nuclear and missile program have stalled since the failed second summit of Trump and Kim in Hanoi in February. In June, both met in the demilitarized zone between the two Korean states. They agreed to revive the deliberations, but so far without great success.
Prince Harry: gun manufacturers are supposed to help with mine clearance
Clothed with a blue splinter vest, British Prince Harry symbolically ignited and destroyed an explosive mine in Angola. He made the ignition circle near a camp of the British Halo Trust near Dirico. Safe distance the explosive device exploded. In view of the goal of getting Angola free by 2025, he later demanded in front of current TV cameras: ′′ I call on all the countries whose names are on these weapons but who did not help clean up themselves to commit ".
Pound under pressure - interest rate cut expected
British pound under pressure
In the face of an early drop in interest rates, the pound is losing its value against the euro.
Frankfurt speculation about an early interest rate cut by the Bank of England (BoE) increases the pound sterling. The British currency reduced by up to 0,4 percent to $ 1,2269 on Friday.
The sales triggered statements by central banker Michael Saunders. The latter spoke about an interest rate cut, even if a messy Brexit could be averted, as the uncertainty would affect the British economy for the foreseeable future. This statement is surprising, as Saunders is considered an advocate of restrictive monetary policy, analyst Ricardo Evangelista of Brokerhaus ActivTrades said.
Last week, the Bank of England had already pointed out the burdens on the economy caused by the Brexit hack without directly signalling an interest rate cut. Prime Minister Boris Johnson wants to lead his country out of the EU on October 31., even without a divorce arrangement.
More: With his provocations, the British Prime Minister has taken a high risk. But it could pay off for him, says Handelsblatt editor Kerstin Leitel.
Doping: More Russian manipulations proven
Material from the Moscow Analytics Lab is being manipulated - this confirms David Howman, former director of the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) and today's head of integrity of the athletics world association.
New details about the doping scandal in Russia are emerging at the start of the World Championships - and they destroy the little credibility that Russian sport gained at the beginning of the year and even remotely. In January 2019, Moscow doping lab finally delivered the required samples from 2012 to 2015 to the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada). Now it turns out they were fake.
In December 2014 systematic fraud was revealed in Russian sports. On this, Wada had suspended the Russian anti-doping agency (Rusada) for three years. During this time Russian athletes were not completely banished from the world stage. The International Olympic Committee had around 270 athletes competed under neutral flag at the 2016 Summer Games in Rio, after an individual examination, and 168 Russian athletes competed at the winter games in February 2018 They were also allowed to participate in the World Cups in the different sports, in summer the football world cup with the host took place as a participant in Russia.
Positive findings missing
The following September, Wada lifted the Rusada ban again, but demanded access to the lab and the said samples. The data should indicate the extent of covering up doping cases during state doping. They should help punish athletes retrospectively. Three months later they were finally delivered.
However, the chairman of the independent Integrity Commission (AIU) of the Athletics World Federation (IAAF) has now confirmed that the doping data has been manipulated from the Moscow Analytics Lab. ′′ Yes We got the data nine months ago. We should check if the task force got the right data ", David Howman said in an interview of Friday's ′′ Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung ", ′′ We have noticed numerous discrepancies between the data the Wada received from a whistleblower and those it received from the Russians in January ". Many positive findings were missing, which were mentioned in the McLaren report.
The World Cup not affected
This confirms the IAAF's attitude: The only organization holding on to Russia's spell. At the World Cup in Doha, 30 Russian athletes will start under neutral flag. They had to prove that they are training outside the Russian system and are undergoing tests.
Earlier this week, Wada had already put manipulations in the room and asked Russia to respond to the accusations within three weeks. Russia is now threatening the renewed ban on Russia and, worst-case scenario, the exclusion from the Tokyo Olympics 2020
