Brand in French chemistry
The major fire in a chemical plant in the northern French town of Rouen, which is particularly dangerous, is deleted. This shared the prefecture of Normandy on Friday. The fire broke out at night on Thursday. In the event of an incident, no one was affected. The fire brigade was used with around 200 extinguishing vehicles.
The fire could be stopped.
They were called upon not to leave their houses. Buildings within 500 metres were evacuated, schools and kindergartens were closed on Thursday. In the chemical plant on the shores of the Seine, additives for lubricants are produced. The factory is part of the Lubrizol company of US-Milliardär Warren Buffett and is subject to the EU's so-called Seveso Directive, which prescribes particularly strict safety requirements.
Approximately 400 people work in the work. The chemical factory has already caused headlines in the past - for example, when, in 2013, the gas methanethiol escaped by a leak and the surrounding area is far-reaching to bad eggs. In 2015, around 2,000 litres of mineral oil went to the city’s sewage system after an accident.
Women announces their job to search 57 days after their disappeared bitch.
For two months, a woman from Washington was looking for her disappeared dog - and announced her job. The seven-year Border Collie was hired from the hotel room during a short break in Montana. 57 days was missing from the bitch every trace - but Carole King did not give up.
"It was terrible. I was evil," said Carole King the "Daily Inter Lake". You and her husband had left Hündin Katie in the hotel room while they went to dinner. When they returned to the hotel, Katie had disappeared. They were looking for the animal, but without success.
Donner hatte Hund in Panik versetzt
In the hope that Katie could stay somewhere in the hotel, Carole King went to the reception. "The employee says: "You have left about four, four and a half hours"", remember Carole King to "Daily Inter Lake". When the automatic entrance door was opened, Katie was immediately rugged. Probably a loud thunder had put the dog in panic.
With Flyers and calls on Facebook groups, the Kings were looking for their beloved dog. But for days weeks have been weeks. "I have never given up. I never lost hope," said Carole King the "Daily Inter Lake", who announced her job as a poster to continue her search for Katie.
"The tears flowed"
57 days after Katies disappearances, Carole King got a call: a man reported and said that Katie was in his courtyard. But when King arrived there, Katie had already disappeared. She was looking for the neighborhood and suddenly her bitch was under a tree. "I only embraced them. I didn't want to let them go," King remembered "Daily Inter Lake". "The tears flowed. People stopped in their vehicles, rose and embraced us. I believe that the whole neighbourhood knew that we had found it.
losses in the German Armed Forces: Machine soft tubes disappear without trace
Friday, 27 September 2019
Six MG3 machine guns have still disappeared.
In recent years, the German Armed Forces have lost numerous weapons and tens of thousands of shot ammunition. There are also three machine guns. In most cases, the stay is unclear. The opposition talks about a 'pronounced' scale.
In the Bundeswehr, weapons and ammunition are disappearing again and again - many of them so far without trace. Since the beginning of 2014, the force has recorded the loss of 39 weapons, 39 arms parts and almost 20,000 shot ammunition. This is evident from a list of the Federal Ministry of Defence classified as a shutter release, which the editorial network Germany reports on.
According to the paper from the Defence State Secretary Peter Tauber's office from the CDU, two weapons, a arms part and 3474 shot ammunition have been reappeared so far. The weapons and arms parts, which are still disappeared, are, among other things, six MG3, eleven tissue tissues of type G3, four G36, six signal guns and two P8. In addition, 30 weapons tubes for machine guns are missing from the type MG3.
The volume of arms and ammunition losses at the Bundeswehr was "concerning", said the left-hand side of Martina Renner. This is all the more true because, in the course of investigations, little has been found again. The left-wing politician spoke of a 'dangerous balance'. Renner criticised the fact that, on the list, it is not recognizable whether, under the disappeared ammunition, the one found in connection with the investigations against the German- suspected Franco A. "And this was the supporter of Franco A. recently sentenced to the possession of these ammunition," Renner said.
Oil tankers "Stena Impero" left Iranian port
More than two months after his establishment by the Iranian authorities, the British oil tanker "Stena Impero" left the port of the city of Bandar Abbas today. Like ship observation data from Refinitiv, the tanker was in motion and left the Iranian port. Port Rashid was given as a destination port in the United Arab Emirates.
The tanker was actually released by the Iranian Government on Monday, but he remained in Iranian waters first. It was said from the shipping company that you wanted to wait for an official decision from Tehran.
The "Stena Impero" was raised on 19 July by the Iranian Revolutionary Guard in the Seestraße von Hormuz under the accusation of having violated security regulations. But it was suspected that Iran responded to the controversial, temporary setting of an Iranian oil tanker before the Gibraltar, which was part of Britain.
The road of Hormuz is one of the most important maritime roads in the world. It connects the Persian Gulf with the Indian Ocean. A large part of the global oil exports are shipped by the Straits. Tensions in the region have exacerbated enormously in recent months. Trade shipping has been dragged into the conflict between the United States and Iran. There have been several incidents with tankers and drones.
Merkel würdigt den Mut der Menschen bei der Friedlichen Revolution
Chancellor Angela Merkel acknowledged the commitment of the people of the GDR who took to the streets 30 years ago in the graveyard revolution. In the autumn of 1989, courageous citizens would have undermined the then GDR regime, said Merkel at a ceremony of the Thuringian CDU Group for the imminent day of German unity in Erfurt. The Chancellor reminded us, among other things, of the occupation of the Stasi headquarters. "The state security was taken by the horror," she said.
Musk strives for extradition record
Teslas Quartal may keep record ready. Despite extradition boom, there were last losses in electric carcasses.
New York.Tesla-Chef Elon Musk has given his electric car manufacturer the prospect of new record figures on the stock exchange. "We have the chance to reach our first quarter with 100,000 deliveries," wrote Musk in a e-mail published by the industry blog "Electrek" on Tesla employees.
Demand is strong, so Tesla has been able to record 110000 orders, it has been said in Musk's circulars. The challenge is to bring the cars to the customer quickly. Tesla must offer as many resources as possible to the quarter.
In the US, for example, it is estimated that more than half of the world’s population lives in developing countries, compared to more than half in developing countries. For almost four months, the course has no longer increased. In the second quarter, Tesla had delivered 95000 cars and thus reached its existing best value.
Musk needs records to achieve its high goals. In 2019, it will deliver a total of 360000 to 400000 cars. For this purpose, six-digit figures must be produced in the current and forthcoming quarter of a year. Especially the cheapest Tesla Model 3 is required, but here the profit margins are low. Despite the boom, there were last losses.
Rätsel solved: That is why we cannot tick ourselves up ourselves.
A kind of brake in the big brain prevents people from being able to tick themselves. The Humboldt-Universität scientists found this with the help of experiments to rats, as they announced on Thursday evening. Progress has also been made on the question of why children are so fiercely opposed to the tissue, just to demand more.
After all, it has also been shown why the rapprochement of a tickling hand alone causes laughter. This was due to a deep layer in the large-scale brain, which already triggered laughter in the expectation of the tissue.
According to the information, previous research showed that rats are reacting with 'Lachen' in the ultrasound sector when they are kicked by people. This " laughter" is conveyed by the part of the large brain bark, which serves the central processing of the haptic perception.
Laughter is suppressed while self-feeding is suppressed.
So far, it has been assumed that the brain could distinguish between self-help and touch by others - that is, that people cannot get themselves up. However, the Berlin researchers have now found out at the experiments to the rats that the laughter as well as the activity of the large-scale brain cattle are suppressed during a self-assessment. This is also the case if living creatures are cleaned themselves. During the foreign leadership and the tissue through the scientists, the activity in the brain and the impulse had been laughed.
But pass the self-assessment and touch by others at the same time, be the laughter also suppressed. This indicates that the brain could not distinguish between self-help and touch by others. The new findings suggest that people cannot skip themselves because the self-protection activates a brake in the big brain.
The rats have also been trained to skip themselves. In doing so, they sometimes dismissed this initiation in the experiment prematurely, showed flight behaviour or scarce. This ambivalence equal to the behaviour of children. The ambivalence of the tissue is a behavioral reaction that is the same for rats and people.
Catastrophe averted: Greater fires in French chemical work deleted
The major fire in a chemical plant in the northern French town of Rouen, which is particularly dangerous, is deleted. This shared the prefecture of Normandy of the news agency AFP on Friday. The fire broke out at night on Thursday.
According to authorities, non-discriminatory substances should have been left out. The samples taken do not cause any cause for concern, such as the prefect of Pierre-André Durand on Friday morning at a press conference. In the event of an incident, no one was affected. The fire brigade was used with around 200 extinguishing vehicles.
Schools and kindergartens have been closed down
The inhabitants were called upon not to leave their houses. Buildings within 500 metres were evacuated, schools and kindergartens were closed on Thursday.
Factory belongs to Lubrizol by US-Milliardär Warren Buffett
In the chemical plant on the shores of the Seine, additives for lubricants are produced. The factory is part of the Lubrizol company of US-Milliardär Warren Buffett and is subject to the EU's so-called Seveso Directive, which prescribes particularly strict safety requirements. Approximately 400 people work in the work.
The chemical factory has already caused headlines in the past - for example, when, in 2013, the gas methanethiol escaped by a leak and the surrounding area is far-reaching to bad eggs. In 2015, around 2000 litres of mineral oil went to the city’s sewage system after an accident.
Brexit: Johnson von eigener Schwester kritisiert
The sister of the premier commented on Boris Johnson's speech at the first meeting in Parliament after the forced break on Wednesday evening. The Prime Minister is threatening to hold the country without an agreement from the EU on 31 October, if Brussels does not engage in its demands for changes to the Brexit Agreement. However, as he wants to achieve, it is unclear.
With Cox, who had campaigned for Britain's stay in the European Union, the Prime Minister said: 'The best way to honour the memory of Jo Cox and to return this country would be to carry out the EU's aid'. Cox was murdered by a right-wing extremist in 2016 during the referendum election campaign.
A memorial to attacks by Oslo and Utöya
More than eight years after the attacks in Oslo and Utöya with 77 deaths, a memorial to the victims will be revealed in Norway on Saturday. The monument "Jernrosene" (German: the iron roses) consists of around 1,000 iron rosace images. They remind you of the roses that had filed from thousands of people in the days and weeks after the attacks before the cathedral in Oslo.
In the same place, the project of artists Tobbe Malm and Tone Karlsrud should be unveiled - the roses were forged by people from all over the world, including survivors and members of the victims. In order to open it is expected among other crown prince Haakon and Kronprinzessin Mette-Marit.
On 22 July 2011, the laworist Anders Behring Breivik first ignited a car bomb in the government district of Oslo and shot after the island of Utöya Dutzende participants of a holiday camp of the Social Democrat Workers' Party. A total of 77 people were killed in the attacks.
Iran gives British tankers free
The UN General debate did not provide a solution in the Iran conflict. But now there is a problem less. The British oil tanker "Stena Impero" held in Iran was once again able to stand in the lake. It could be a puzzle in the Iranian President Ruhani’s peace plan.
The British oil tanker "Stena Impero" held in Iran since mid-July in the street of Hormus is back in international waters. After the release by Iranian authorities, the ship is on its way to Dubai, as the shipping company Stena Bulk announced.
The "Stena Impero" left the port of Bandar Abbas and the crew is now driving for medical examinations after Dubai, said Reedreichef Erik Hånell. At midday, the ship left Iranian waters. "Being that it is over," he said to the Swedish television channel SVT.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs in London described the establishment of the ship as illegal. "This is part of a pattern of attempts to affect the freedom of the seas. We are working with our international partners to maintain shipping and international law," said in a communication on Friday.
The Iranian Revolutionary Guards set the tanker on 19 July under the reproach of disregarding rules of the Law of the Sea in the Persian Gulf. Seven of the 23 crew members had already been released at the beginning of September. The remaining 16 crew members are good in the circumstances, said Hånell. They would have behaved professionally in the light of the difficult and driving situation over the past ten weeks. The shipping company is now working to bring it together with its families as soon as possible.
The British Government suspected a response to a similar incident in the British Gibraltar behind the establishment of the Stena Impero: there was a Supertanker with oil from Iran at the beginning of July, which was supposed to have been destined for Syria. According to the authorities, the delivery contravened EU sanctions against the country of war Syria. The British had received the reference to the ship from the United States.
Iran spoke of 'piracy' and threatened with consequences. In mid-August the "Adrian Darya-1" was finally released. In the US, for example, it is estimated that more than half of the world’s population lives in rural areas, and that more than half of the world’s population lives in rural areas.
The road of Hormus is one of the most important maritime roads in the world. It connects the Persian Gulf with the Indian Ocean. Much of the world's oil exports are shipped by the Straits. Tensions in the region have exacerbated enormously in recent months. Trade shipping has been dragged into the conflict between the United States and Iran. There have been several incidents with tankers and drones.
Behind the tensions between Tehran and Washington is the nuclear dispute between both countries. The Americans accuse the Iranian leadership of building nuclear weapons. Iran rejects this. The US was in 2018 alone from the international nuclear agreement, which would prevent Iran from building an atomic bomb and at the same time end its political and economic isolation. Since then, the US Government has put pressure on the leadership in Tehran with massive economic sanctions against the country in order to force a stricter and extended agreement on other areas. Iran is resisting the pressure so far.
Due to the dispute over the Stena Impero and other incidents with tankers in the Persian Gulf and Oil plants in Saudi Arabia, the US is working on a coalition for military protection of merchant vessels in the region.
The Iranian President, Hassan Ruhani, had presented a plan for security and peace in the Straits of Hormus at the UN General Assembly in New York. With the 'Coalition of Hope' initiative for the Persian Gulf, Iran, together with the Arab Gulf States and without foreign protection powers, wanted to ensure maritime safety in the Persian Gulf.
India is a better future with its protectionist economic policy.
India would actually be predestined for the 'war-winning'. In the US, for example, the US Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank have agreed to reduce their interest rates to zero, while the US Treasury and the Treasury have agreed to reduce their interest rates. In the US, for example, the US Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank have agreed to reduce their interest rates to zero, while the US Treasury and the Treasury have agreed to reduce their interest rates. This, of course, has to do not only with the uncertainties of the Chinese-American trade war. With a huge pool of young workers as well as an internal market of 1.3 billion consumers, India seems to be creating a more important role in the global production chain.
But now India itself is in Trump’s focus. From the Haudegen in the White House, the "Königreich der Zölle" titled, America has taken away the trade concessions for 2000 products in the beginning of June. The US accuses India of prohibitively high tariffs and calls for better market access for agricultural goods, mobile telephones, spirits, motorcycles, and other more.
In the world map of the trade wars, the frictionies with India are, of course, a secondary stage. In addition, America is also looking at the world’s largest democracy through security policy glasses. Delhi and Washington combine concern about China’s power claims in the South Indian Ocean. Against this background, a salve of American punitive tariffs against India seems unlikely. India’s Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, who has just received a second five-year term of office, will therefore be in safety.
The problem lies, however, in another place: the empirically reinforced thesis that open markets accelerate economic development has a serious stand in the socialist Republic of India. Also under modes. His reformist is mainly aimed at the bureaucratic madness, which, in the multi-ethnic state, suffocated all the entrepreneurial spirit for too long. Companies now receive faster building permits for buildings. They benefit from better energy and transport infrastructure, and a more ciff insolvency and bankruptcy law creates preconditions for liquidating seemingly companies with high debts more quickly.
The success of these efforts can be seen and measured in the relevant rankings. From an economic appearance, many things have turned to the better in India in the first five modes years. But that does not apply in trade policy. This is not the case in the United States, where the United Kingdom, the United Kingdom, Japan, and the United Kingdom are all in the same category.
In the West, Modi of the Nimbus of the energetic reformer hangs, which is radically renewed its country. This impression is due not least to the fact that the charismatic Prime Minister is only too well aware of the vocabulary of Western managers. In essence, however, the "India First" advocate never fell from a protectionist economic policy, which prevents Indian companies from being forced to get rid of anachronistic processes and thus to become fit for global competition. Businessmen who survive thanks to the closure of their industries are among the tribal voters of Modis of nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party and clash this short-sighted policy.
Beisetzung von Jacques Chirac am Montag in Paris
The former French President, Jacques Chirac, is to be buried in Paris next week. The former Head of State will be buried on Monday at the Montparnasse cemetery in the south of the French capital, reported the AFP news agency, appealing to the Chiracs family. The burial will take place in the narrow family circle. For Sunday, a public mourning ceremony was scheduled in the Paris Invalidesdom, such as the media reported.
Known to competitors: Dabo is the first secret hero of the athletics World Cup.
The world's leaders have long since been in the goal of developing scenes warm up in the downstream Khalifa International stadium. In the first run of the men over 5000 metres of fing Jonathan Busby from Aruba to fluctuate dangerously. He was able to keep a good 300 metres in front of the goal, ran in unhealthy position, when Braima Suncar Dabo from the West African country of Guinea-Bissau suddenly seduced him and the last half stadium round slipped into the goal. The forces were enough in both, but in order to stop the running bracelet after the finish. As if the scene had not been curious enough.
"I just wanted to help him. Everyone in this situation would have done the same," said Dabo after the race in Mixed Zone, when he completely unexpectedly attracted the attention of the journalists gathered. He was so shy only that he did not want to talk about his heroicat at all. After all, he wanted to set up his personal best time and when he realised that this would be difficult, he wanted to help only a congender. In any case, he would only be proud to represent his country, which was invited to the World Association for the World Cup. In normal circumstances, he should not have been allowed to start. "I am proud to run here for my country," he said.
He was vigilant in the evening - and much more intense than he would have thought. Because this heroism will remain in memory. For example, in the United States, the Federal Reserve’s policy of quantitative easing (QE) and the Fed’s policy of quantitative easing (QE) (QE). The staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was clean and comfortable.
Dabo, who lives in Portugal and studied in Lisbon, was in the process of setting up a personal best time at the World Cup in Doha. According to official data, this was achieved with 18:10,87 minutes, but he was still disappointed: "I wanted to walk 17:55 minutes. I was already under 18 minutes. However, only in training, there are not restaurants.
Millionenmasch: Ägypter rüsten sich für wilden Protesttag
In Egypt, the security measures in the run-up to possible government-critical protests have been strengthened. In the centre of Kairos there was a reinforced police presence on Friday. Several underground stations remained closed, roads around the central Tahrir Square were closed.
In the past few days, the police have increased their road controls and the mobile phones of pedestrians have partly searched for news and photos in connection with the protests. Hundreds were arrested according to two non-governmental organisations.
Gegner von Al-Sisi
Last weekend, in Cairo, Alexandria, Suez and Mansura, protests came with hundreds of participants. They were opposed to President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi’s government, the critic of corruption and mismanagement. There has not been such an open protest against political leadership in Egypt for years. The Egyptian builder and actor Mohammed Ali, who lived in the Spanish exile, who launched the demonstrations with video embassies on Facebook, called for a "millions march" in the country for today's Friday. Ali calls for a "people's revolution". For most young Egyptians, the man is not a "good because he was a subcontractor for the army, but his embassies arrive.
According to the number of arrests in connection with the protests, two observer groups continued. The Egyptian Commission for Rights and Freedoms (ECRF) was more than 1.570 arrests until Friday. The Egyptian Center for Economic and Social Rights (ECESR) as well as the human rights organisation Human Rights Watch (HRW) spoke of more than 2,000 arrests. Initially, these figures were not confirmed. The government did not confirm and commented on the figures.
Arbitrary arrests
Many people have been 'will arbitrarily arrested' , 'only because they were 'to the wrong time at the wrong place', HRW shared with the lawyers detained. According to their lawyers, the accusations against the arrested are sufficient to promote false information until membership of a "terrorist association". In Cairo, Alexandria and other cities, the security forces sought and searched in uniform, but also in civil clothing, also arbitrary passers-by to HRW tasks.
HRW also criticised censorship in the North African country. So the government is blocking websites and online services in Cairo to prevent further protests against Sisi.
Online dealer: Shipping dealers are to make return easier.
For online dealers, many returned packages are lost goods. Around 20 million return tours end up on the rubbish. But there is an alternative.
The Ministry of Finance has highlighted online traders such as Amazon and Zalando, as they can donate backed products instead of destroying them.
Although the companies could not free themselves from the value added tax on material donations, the Ministry declared a question of the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance, which reported the newspapers of the Funke Media Group on Friday. However, traders could start the market value of the unsolicited returns so low that they would not have to pay or have little value of VAT.
Scientists from the University of Bamberg have found that the federal citizens return each sixth package to orders on the Internet. Around four percent of the goods - around 20 million products - then landed in the rubbish. To donate, the companies would cost additional money under current legal position, because the financial authorities assess issues such as sales, which then turn VAT.
Green Groups of the Greens/European Free Alliance called for Finance Minister Olaf Scholz (SPD) to make it clear, with a decree that companies cannot assess sales of non-profit products and donate free of charge to non-profit organisations. Companies should be able to rely on not being punished for donations. Not only for online trading, but also for other transactions from the model shop to the tree market.
Banksy art for auction: There was never a better time to sell this painting.
The well-known work of Streetart-Star Banksy, "Devolved Parliament", will soon be auctioned.
For Branczik, Banksys' work underlines "the formation of the oldest parliamentary democracy in the world in the basic attitude of animals and tribes". From Saturday, the painting at Sotheby's will be exhibited in the British capital until it is auctioned on 3 October. It is estimated at 1.5 to two million euros.
The work was first exhibited in 2009 at the Museum of Bristol in the southwest of Britain, where Banksy lives. This year the artist exhibited the painting again - at the same time as the original Brexit date on 29 March. On this occasion, the work that was previously called "Fragestunde" was renamed "Devolved Parliament" ("delegated parliament").
The image could change the owner for a million amount.
Finally, Prime Minister Boris Johnson had delivered a harsh exchange with the opposition on Wednesday at the first meeting of the House of Commons after the suspension of a forced break imposed by Johnson by the Supreme Court. Johnson wants to carry out the Brexit, which has already been postponed twice, on 31 October, without any agreement with the EU.
It is not the first time that Banksy, whose identity is still unknown, is interfering in the Brexit debate. In Dover in the south-east of England, he painted an image that is a man who breaks a star of the European flag with a meadows. The work shows thousands of lorries and other visitors on entry to the United Kingdom every day.
Brexit debate is like a walk in the park?
In the US, for example, it is estimated that more than half of the world’s population lives in rural areas, and that more than half of the world’s population lives in rural areas. In comparison to the election campaign before the Brexit referendum in 2016, the current controversy is a “lunch in the park,” said Dominic Cummings on Friday at a book presentation. "We enjoy this. We will come (from the EU) and we will win it.
Johnson had attacked Brexit-Gegner hard in the past few days and accused them, among other things, of 'verrate' on the people. As a result, it is not surprising that the US and its allies, the United States, have been willing to use the US as a counterweight to their allies.
Cumming said that the only way to restore rest, if Members were finally to respect the decision of the British for withdrawal from the EU. It is not surprising that people have been found that Britain is still not out of the EU for three years after the referendum.
In view of the invaded mood, on Friday, the bishops of the Anglican Church were even calling for restraint. "We should talk to each other with respect," said in a statement. And we should also listen.
Pakistan’s Prime Minister, Khan, calls for uno intervention in Kashmir.
With an emotional appeal, Pakistan's Prime Minister Imran Khan once again called on the United Nations to intervene in the Kashmir conflict in his first appearance before the Uno General Assembly.
Otherwise, a renewed war between the nuclear powers of Pakistan and India is likely, said Khan on Friday at the Uno General debate in New York. "If this is bad, it is hoped for the best, but you are prepared for the worst". The United Nations would have a responsibility for Kashmir. 'You have to prevent this'.
India and Pakistan have had three wars since their independence from British colonial rule in 1947, two of them to the divided region of Kashmir. Both nuclear powers dominate part of Kashmir, another part belongs to China. At the beginning of August, India was deprived of the Indian Kashmir region, thereby increasing tensions in relation to Pakistan suddenly.
Not even a bottle of water
The demonstrators in Cairo demand the fall of the Egyptian President al-Sisi.
The government is responding with hard hand to the current protests in Egypt. It allows the population to shoot with sharp ammunition, more than 2000 detainees blend in the prisons to the 60,000 political prisoners who are already sitting there. protesting was never harmless in Egypt. But since General Abdel Fattah el-Sisi took power in 2013, the state apparatus is doing everything possible to avoid a scenario such as the Arab Spring.
But one of the trigger for the protests in 2011 was the bad economic situation. Poverty, lack of prospects and the feeling of being suffocated by their own government drive millions to the streets. And that is a problem that the regime of el-Sisi does not get under control, no matter how hard it is against opponents. The situation has even deteriorated.
Today, every third party lives in Egypt below the poverty line. Since 2016, the currency has lost more than half of its value, the inflation rate is ten%. Anyone who wants to buy a bottle of water in the supermarket must decide who he finances: Nestlé, Coca-Cola or the military. After all, the latter is not only responsible for oppression, but also the greatest economic player. The military builds roads, houses, football stadiums, produces food and much more. That was already before el-Sisi. With authoritarian regimes, the Egyptian people have a lot of experience, including the dilemma in the supermarket. It is becoming critical whenever large parts of the population have difficulty affording to do a bottle of water at all.
Tüv checks in the terminal: BER-Chef: No "Showstopper" more for capital airport
Two months have been examined whether the complex level of investment in the BER fire protection works in the interplay. The operators are satisfied with the course. However, the Tüv is not ready at the BER.
After large-scale Tüv checks in the terminal of the future capital airport, operators confirmed the planned opening in October next year. This is certain, the Supervisory Board leader Rainer Bretschneider said after a meeting of the supervisory body.
Airportchef Engelbert Lütke Daldrup spoke of a successfully completed examination, but also said that there were still shortcomings in the terminal. "We have many detailed issues, but we do not have a real show stop. He insured that the timetable should still be buffered up to commissioning.
However, there are indications that the time reserve should not be too large. The baptismal display display is now to be submitted during the first quarter of 2020 during the construction office, which was scheduled for this autumn at the beginning of the year.
Hundreds of deficiencies in electricity cables are still to be remedied; the Tüv wants to check it until February. "In order to create the conditions for the reception of the flight operation, we must continue to work intensively on the processing of the deficiencies," said in a written communication.
Liège Daldrup said, in many cases it is a lack of proof, less about new cables. There is also no release for all Dübel on which the cable roads are hanging. The airport manager expects this to be available by the end of the year.
In addition, the fire protection works unsatisfactory at the transition to the railway station under the terminal. The problems had led to another crisis three years ago. This time it is a question of hypocrisy, which shuts down a fire like a canvas, so that the smoke does not spread. You drive too far down. 36 engines must therefore be exchanged. Then there should be new experiments with hot gas consumption at the beginning of the year.
Problems with fire protection and other trees as well as planning errors delay the opening of the airport for years. Initially, he was to be operational in 2011. The costs have increased from two billion to around EUR 6.5 billion for the next year since the beginning of 2006.
Since the passenger numbers in Berlin have increased significantly since then, those responsible are planning to develop the airport. That is why it should be a special meeting of the Supervisory Board on 18 October, as the chairman of Bretschneider announced.
The airport company is now looking for two new managing directors. financial chief Heike Fölster changes at the end of the year to Deutsche Bahn, Personalchef Manfred Bobke-von Camen goes next year in Rente, as Bretschneider said. He thanked Fölster. You have placed the airport finances on fixed feet.
Chemnitz: vending machines for drugs have been blown up - police are taking men.
He needed money for drugs - and hunting a number of machines in the field of chemistry in the field of chemistry! Now the perpetrator is finally in prison!
Over the past two years, the number of sprayed cigarette and parking licences in Chemnitz and the region has increased sharply. A million damage was created!
After two Detonations at the end of May, the police took a 33-year-old German to the citizens' road and to the Further Street in Chemnitz.
Police spokesman Andrzej Rydzik: "In the course of the investigation due to the achievement of explosion explosions in fact, with particularly serious case of theft, which were led by the Chemnitzer Crimean police, not only this suspicion was confirmed against the 33-year-olds.
Faced with the new evidence, the 33-year-old Chemnitzer now has eight deeds.
The police spokesman: 'With the prey, he appears to have financed his narcotics dependency'. On four times, the bomb was blown up on the citizens' road between 20 August 2018 and 31 May 2019.
The resulting total damage amounts to at least 60 000 euros!
The vending machine bomber is now in custody. Police investigations against him continue.
It is conceivable that he was also responsible for further machines in Chemnitz and adjacent districts.
AUA takes over Eurowings flights from Vienna
The Lufthansa Group implements its strategy for Vienna Airport. The Lufthansa subsidiary AUA "the commercial control of all Eurowings flights from Vienna", confirmed on Friday a press spokesman of the Austrian Airlines against the APA. Previously, "AviationNetOnline" reported about it.
The Vienna base of the Lufthansa-Billigflieger Eurowings is thus de facto dissolved. Of the currently seven Eurowings aircraft, four remain in Vienna. The AUA takes over the AUA from January 2020 in the "Wetlease", i.e. including Eurowings staff. In Salzburg, three Eurowings jets will be stationed in the future, which will fly from Salzburg and Innsbruck as a charging machines to holiday destinations. The route from Vienna to Germany is taken over by Eurowings Germany.
The Eurowings base in Vienna will be integrated into the AUA district and network planning, said the speaker. The flight times are to be adjusted to connect flights. The aim is to strengthen the hub of Vienna and, on the other hand, to develop the decentralised traffic from the federal states.
As AviationNetOnline writes, Eurowings in Vienna only serves as a "Production Company" for the Group Sister AUA. Among other things, Barcelona and Rome would be served with AUA flight number, but mainly with Eurowings device. The on-board product should be adapted to that of Austrian Airlines, but the pilots and cabin crew come from Eurowings. According to the Eurowings flights, which start under AUA, the report will no longer be used in Terminal 1, but as well as the AUA in Terminal 3.
At Vienna Airport, a price war broke out after Niki-Pleite. The Ryanair subsidiary Laudamotion announced only on Thursday that the fleet in Vienna will increase to 16 aircraft next summer. The Irish cheap flyer sends four Ryanair machines and crews to Vienna, as well as in the so-called "Wetlease", which criticised the trade union as a circumventing construct for the collective contract.
Ryanair-Chef Michael O'Leary's struggle for manoeuvre that Lauda will have overtaken AUA in five years, replied on Friday AUA Board of Directors Andreas Otto: "We stay the number one at the site, in five, six or ten years'.
Queen-Enkelin Princess Beatrice is praised.
Beatrice, Eugenie, William and Harry: As children, the cousins were the best friends. Now married the last of the four. Beatrice is engaged!
Wonderful news from the British Royals: In the Italy series at the beginning of month, Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi (34) allegedly held the hand of his girlfriend Princess Beatrice (31). This was announced by the palace on Thursday.
"We are extremely pleased to announce our engagement. We are both so pleased to begin this adventure together and can hardly expect to be truly married," the couple, who, according to British media reports, has been together since October 2018 in the official communication.
And further: "We share so many similar interests and values and we know that this will help us with love and happiness in the coming years".
Sister Eugenie
The official filling photos recorded their sister, princess Eugenie (29), and also published on their day-to-day account.
A royal feast
The wedding will take place in 2020. More information about date, location and everything else will be announced in the coming months.
However, it is true that the number of number nine of the British throne sequence and the real estate mogul is a similarly large celebration like the wedding of eugenia on 12 October 2018 with Jack Brooksbank (33).
Study on the causes of heart disease
Smoking, overweight, unhealthy diet - there are risk factors for cardiovascular diseases. But what does a heart weakness or an infarct really do? Hamburg's researchers now want to see the inheritance of 9000 healthy and sick people.
Through the analysis of the inheritance of 9000 people, Hamburg and Swiss scientists want to get more detailed on the causes of cardiovascular diseases.
The research project is the largest of this kind in the German-speaking area, divided the University Hospital Hamburg-Eppendorf (UKE) on Friday. The Kühne Foundation promotes the project with EUR 12.5 million. From Switzerland, the high mountain clinic Davos, which belongs to the Foundation, and the university hospital Zurich, are involved.
Overweight, smoking and unhealthy diet are among the main influencing risk factors for cardiovascular diseases. Genetic factors determine the risk. However, the interaction between genes and external influences is insufficiently known, it was said. Now the scientists want to compare the full heritage of 8000 healthy people with the 1000 former patient of the university heart and vascular centre at the UKE.
Currently, in more than 4000 of the approximately 20,000 relevant human genes, possible changes in the disease of DNA - so-called mutations - were known, it was said by the clinic. Approximately 200 would be added every year.
The aim of the five-year project is, according to the initiators, to develop new options for precautionary, detection and treatment of heart rhythm disorders, heart weakness and heart attacks. The data could also benefit in the research of other popular diseases, according to Stefan Blankenberg, head of the university heart and vascular centre. New insights into the interaction between heart and brain, heart and kidneys as well as cancer can be possible.
The Chairman of the Bold Foundation, Klaus-Michael Kühne (82), also stressed that there is a firm desire to use the data for the research of other diseases. The Foundation's clinic in Davos so far deals mainly with allergies. Now at the local medical campus a Center for Cardiovascular Precision Medicine should be created and a professorship for bioinformatics should be created. In order to justify his commitment, the logistics entrepreneur living in Switzerland said that he had been operating on the open heart three years ago in Hamburg and is very grateful.
The bioprobes of the healthy participants come from Hamburgers who also participate in the "Hamburg City Health Study". According to the clinic, the largest local health study in the world is the largest local health study. In the case of inheritance encryption, strictly attention is paid to the protection of the anonymous data, insured the scientists. It is about a Petabyte (1000 terabytes) of data, said Holger Moch from the university hospital Zurich.
According to the UKE, the inheritance of a human being can be decrypted within 24 hours today. The pure cost of this would be EUR 1300. The first gene sequencing worldwide, the results of which were published in 2001, has cost several hundred million euros. The study should begin on 1 October, as early as the end of 2020, all 9000 samples will be analysed. The first results are expected in the year.
Nigerian Police exempt hundreds of mistreated boys
In Nigeria, the police exempt more than 300 tortured and abused boys from a Koran school. After indications of residents, the school in the northern Nigerian town of Kaduna and discovered the sacrifice of the victims, some of which were even less than the victims, such as police spokesmen Yakubu Sabo. "The victims were mistreated. Some of them said that they had been raped by their teachers," said Sabo.
The boys were detained on the pretext of being informed in the Qur'an and being "bettered". In fact, the protectors were detained by their teachers under "distorting and inhumane conditions", said Sabo. Approximately one hundred pupils, including children aged nine years, have been chained in a small room.
The Qur'an school has been available for about ten years. The authorities would have drawn attention to repeated irregularities in the establishment. The parents had been shocked when they were informed about the situation in the Koran School, said Sabo. They had no idea of the suffering of their children. The operator and six employees were arrested according to the police.
In the predominantly Muslim north of Nigeria, there are many private Koran schools. They replace the often inadequate state institutions. People in the region are suffering from frequent attacks of armed gangs. According to the UN Refugee Fund, more than 40,000 people fled over the border in the neighbouring country of Niger over the past ten months.
Angekettet und gefoltert: Nigerias Polizei befreit 400 Kinder aus Schule
Policists have freed nearly 400 pupils from appalling conditions in a school in northern Nigeria. "Many of them were chained and some had visible injuries indicating torture," said Police spokesman Yakubu Sabo in the city of Kaduna.
The children were discovered there on Thursday after a reference in an Islamic school. The situation there was 'humane'. Officials took the school leader and six teachers after the liberation campaign.
The children, all boys, were kept at their school like slaves and placed on chains. Some have been sexually abused. Television pictures showed abominable and injured pupils in a recognizable state of health.
World Football Selection: Other accusations of measurement and Klopps Kür
Football "Switzerland not valid"
Jürgen Klopp, Lionel Messi and Megan Rapinoe
With a gala in Milan, the world football association Fifa distinguishes the best player, the best player and the best trainer of the year. For Lionel Messi it is the sixth honor and thus record.
After Nicaragua's captain declared that he had never voted in the world football election, accusations of the Fifa come from other countries. Egypt was not valued at all - with a curious explanatory statement.
Much of the Fifa has proved to be odious in recent years: the World Cup, dubious plans of its President Gianni Infantino, the general behaviour of various corrupt officials. However, the Fifa World Football election has not been suspected of running out uncleanly - if you disregard the fact that the national coach and national team captains of the member associations are often more sympathetic to the fact that they vote according to objective assessment.
But, after Nicaragua’s captain had complained that he did not vote at all, further inconsistencies are now emerging: Egypt complains that the voices of national coach Hossam El-Badry and captain Mohamed Salah were not taken into account. In fact, they do not appear in the official and publicly visible voting overview.
The Fifa apologises for the fact that "the signatures on the electoral forms are made in capital letters and therefore not valid". You have contacted the Egyptian association several times to clarify the situation - without answer.
Sudan’s Trainer also wondered
There is also an outcry from Sudan in the election. While the situation is understandable in the case of Egypt, the Sudanese Association states that trainer Zdravko Lugarisic did not vote as it was finally seen: with Lionel Messi on the seat one, Virgil van Dijk on two and Sadio Mané on three. According to Fifa, however, the vote has just been made, with signatures and official stamp of the Sudanese Association.
Nicaragua's captain Juan Barrera had also made accusations: "How did not vote for the #TheBest2019 Awards. All the information about my vote is wrong, thank you," he wrote. In his case, it has been suspected that the nicaraguan football association has simply voted on its behalf.
From the association there was now the message on Friday: true, but of course there was no intention. The completed electoral documents were "currently" with the name and signature of Juan Barrera, the captain of the nicaraguan selection, it was said in a communication of the association. However, the second captain Manuel Rosas was actually selected. "We take responsibility for the administrative error," it was said in the communication. However, both Rosas and team trainer Henry Duarte would have voted in favour of Messi, as it stands in the official list of FIFA.
The other cases are now examining the Fifa in an investigation, but stresses that the electoral process was supervised externally by the PriceWaterhouseCoopers consultancy company. As long as Lionel Messi remains undisputed winner of the world football election - and Jürgen Klopp Worldtrainer of the year.
Ukraine’s affair: Ranghoe Republicans speak for official investigation from
Zwei ranghohe Republikaner haben sich offen für eine offizielle Untersuchung gegen den US-Präsidenten und Parteifreund Donald Trump ausgesprochen. "I think the investigation is important," said the Republican Governor of the US State of Vermont, Phil Scott. "Where this is led from here, the facts are determined by the facts. He wants to know more about the whistleblower affair before taking action. An impeccination procedure can lead to the removal of the President.
Scott said that he was not surprised by the revelations. In the US, for example, the US Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank have agreed to reduce their interest rates to zero, while the US Treasury and the Treasury have agreed to reduce their interest rates. In 2371 , Biden was assigned to the USS Enterprise-D .
In the US, for example, the US Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank have agreed to reduce their interest rates to zero, while the US Treasury and the Treasury have agreed to reduce their interest rates. Scotts Äußerungen sind nun ein erstes Anzeichen dafür in Trumps Partei. The moderate governor of Virginia has already opposed Trump’s policy several times, for example against the easing of environmental legislation and the tightening of immigration rules.
As a further senior Republicans, Charlie Baker, Governor of Massachusetts, also spoke for the investigation. "It is a deeply disturbing situation," said Baker. "The right approach and responsibility for Congress is now to investigate the matter and to get to the bottom of it'.
In the US, for example, the US Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank have agreed to reduce their interest rates to zero, while the US Treasury and the Treasury have agreed to reduce their interest rates. Their statements are therefore particularly symbolic. But the first senators of Republicans have also been critical of the situation. Mitt Romney, for example, who represents the state of Utah in the second Chamber of Parliament, said that the case was 'extrem disturbing, deeply disturbing'. U.S. media also report that the Republicans are currently launching first cracks.
The affair could result in the launch of an official appeal against Trump, the democrats in the House of Representatives announced an investigation. They accuse him of abuse of power for the purpose of foreign influence for his own political benefit.
There is no precise timetable for the suspension process. In the US, for example, it is estimated that more than half of the world’s population lives in rural areas, and that more than half of the world’s population lives in rural areas. But the decision on actual dismissal targets the Senate, where Trump’s Republicans have the majority. The prospects for the success of such a procedure are therefore low. So far, no US president has been dismissed by an impeccination procedure of the office.
Did torturers on board of Racketes "Sea Watch"?
Three men have been arrested in Sicily, they are to be raped and murdered in Libyan refugee camps.
The German captain Carola Rackete (31) was arrested in June after the rescue ship "Sea Watch 3" and 53 lybian refugees aboard the port of Lampedusa. After strong protests and international criticism - including Austria's Federal President Alexander van der Bellen - her house arrest was reopened by an Italian judge after a few days.
Now new serious accusations are being made against rackets. For example, three men who are accused of torture in Libyan refugee camps could have arrived in Italy with the 'Sea-Watch 3'. The suspects were taken in a host manager in Messina (Sicily) after migrants had recognized their embarrassment in Italy. "We cannot rule out this, but do not have any secure information about it," said "Sea Watch" spokesman Ruben Neugebauer of the German Press Agency.
It was said by the police in mid-September that the suspects in the North African country had raped, tortured and even murdered. It is about Mohammed C. (27) from Guinea, and the two Egyptians Hameda A. (26) and Mahmoud A (24). "The migrants were systematically harassed and atrocities suspended - by repeated and constant physical violence," it was said in the communication.
NGOs and aid organisations now point out that they cannot know exactly who comes to ships. "We cannot scan who is the people. They come without passes," said Newgebauer. Torture is one of the main reasons why people are fleeing Libya. It is therefore likely that perpetrators will also be on ships. "It is therefore very important that it is investigated".
Italy's right ex- Minister Matteo Salvini called for an apology to be immediately apologised by Rackete, who is still being investigated in Italy for aid to illegal immigration.
Musk strives for extradition record at Tesla.
Tesla-Chef Elon Musk has given a strong boost to the stock exchange with the prospect of new record numbers.
"We have the chance to reach our first quarter with 100,000 deliveries," wrote Musk in a e-mail published by the industry blog "Electrek" on Tesla employees.
Demand is strong, so Tesla could ban 110,000 orders, it was continued in Musks Rundschletter. The challenge is to bring the cars to the customer quickly. Tesla must offer as many resources as possible to the quarter.
In the US, for example, it is estimated that more than half of the world’s population lives in developing countries, compared to more than half in developing countries. For almost four months, the course has no longer increased. In the second quarter, Tesla had delivered 95,000 cars and thus reached its existing best value.
Musk needs records to achieve its high goals. In 2019, he wants to deliver a total of 360,000 to 400,000 cars. For this purpose, six-digit figures must be produced in the current and forthcoming quarter of a year. Especially the cheapest Tesla Model 3 is required, but here the profit margins are low. Despite the boom, there were last losses.
US budget dispute: Once again, just a bridge financing
The new financial year will begin in the United States on 1 October without a proper budget. The Senate followed the House of Representatives on Thursday and decided on a transitional financing until 21 November.
But, while the US Congress and President Donald Trump agreed on an increase in spending ceilings for 2020 and 2021 in August, the United States is once again facing the new fiscal year that began on 1 October. The Senate followed the House of Representatives on Thursday and decided on a transitional financing (Continuing Resolution, CR) until 21 November. Without such a decision, it would have been at midnight on Monday, a part of the federal administration. President Trump needs to put into force the decision.
Shutdown was averted.
For the time being, the Federal Government will now be financed at the level and in accordance with the priorities of the expenditure plans for the financial year 2019, which will end on Monday. This is because Congress will not be able to agree on the 12 expenditure laws in time that allocate the funds to the various departments and authorities. For the time being, the Federal Government cannot do so by the 1.3 Bio for the new financial year. to 1.4 Bio. $ extended spending frames benefit.
The democrats have completed ten of the twelve laws in the House of Representatives where they have the majority. But spending laws reflect the democrats’ priorities, which have little chance in the Senate dominated by the Republicans. Conversely, the Senate has also more or less prepared ten of the twelve spending plans, which are scarcely capable of majority.
The ghosts are particularly divided on the issue of resource allocation for domestic security and border security. In the Senate, Republicans seem to try to force $12 billion for the construction of the wall, one of President Trump’s big priorities. The democrats are disrupting the wall plans and their funding, which is actually provided for for other military buildings and projects. The dispute over the masonry was already escalated in December 2018 and had led to a 35-day shutdown.
Am Mauerbau scheiden sich die Geister
At present, it is unclear how the parties want to come closer to this issue. In the US, for example, it is estimated that more than half of the world’s population lives in rural areas, and that more than half of the population lives in rural areas. Also a shutdown is not excluded.
In the light of the ongoing inability of Congress to agree on the twelve spending laws in good time, and the associated risk of a shutdown gain ideas for the automation of the process of popularity. In the US, for example, the US Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank have agreed to reduce their interest rates to zero, while the US Treasury and the Treasury have agreed to reduce their interest rates.
France allows artificial fertilization for lesbians and singles
In France, artificial fertilization is also to be open to women and lesbians alone: the Paris National Assembly voted by a large majority in favour of a government’s legislative proposal, according to which all women can use an in vitro fertilization. This will significantly increase demand for anonymous sperm donations.
The proposal still needs the approval of the Senate. In the three-day emotional debate, critics had warned in the right camp that many "children without father" could grow up in the future. The French bishop's conference is also opposed to the innovation.
The new regulation is the core element of a bioethics law that defended the Minister for Health Agnès Buzyn as a 'Chance' for society. It is the modern family where there are children with only one parent or with homosexual parents. According to its idea, the cost of artificial fertilizers is to be borne by social security for all women.
Befruchtung mit Sperma von totem Ehemann weiter verboten
By a narrow majority, however, the National Assembly rejected an amendment that should give widows to an artificial fertilization to the sperm of their dead man. In Belgium, Spain and the United Kingdom, the artificial fertilization "post-mortem" is permitted. In Germany, there have been cases in the past in which women complained in vain about the publication of the sperm of a deceased. The opponents of the move in Paris argued that such a kind of child would then carry a "specially heavy fate".
Many members of the governing party La République en Marche (The Republic in motion, LREM) of President Emmanuel Macron and opposition members opposed the artificial fertilization with the sperm of the late partner. They stressed that a widow would impose a "double mourning" if the death of her man remained unfulfilled.
The initiators of the now failed amendment consider it unfair that a widow can be fertilised with the sperm of a unknown in the future, but not with that of their own partner.
So far, artificial fertilization in France has only allowed heterosexual couples, who cannot bear witness to children. They must be married or live together at least two years. Buzyn already announced in summer that the surrogacy remains forbidden.
In Germany, artificial fertilization is, in theory, open to all women - it is often difficult for alone or lesbian couples.
Compensation for the climate: calls for flight levies for Unis will be louder louder?
A great deal is flown at universities. That is why, in future, the country will also have a climate levy. The rectors say that they have no money for it. But now they are also under pressure internally.
Universities are also to be confined to flying. Photo: dpa/Julian Stratenschulte
The discussion on a climate levy on flights from universities and universities before the summer recess is coming back again. After the country’s reproachers’ conference had responded sceptically to an appropriate initiative from the green-black coalition, the plans now receive support from universities. In a joint declaration, the PhD students are calling for six bathtub-wheel universities and a pedagogical college for compensation of service flights. This is the first step 'strongly necessary', at the same time there must be a broad debate on the vulnerability of flights, it says in its opinion. The cabinet decision, which was originally planned in July, is now continuing to be on ice, because the CDU has still not approved the presentation of the Greens.
Russia is once again adopting North Korean fishermen.
According to the FSB secret service, the detainees have been illegally fished in Russian waters. Ten days earlier, 161 fishermen from North Korea were already arrested. At that time there was a change of shot between the border guards and the boat crew. Three Russians and a North Korean were injured, and the fishermen later suffered his serious injuries. However, this time there were no injured, it was said.
The communist North Korea suffers from chronic food shortages. The North Korean fishermen were therefore on the road to Russian territorial waters. In the US, for example, the US Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank have agreed to reduce their interest rates to zero, while the US Treasury and the Treasury have agreed to reduce their interest rates.
30,000 ink fish confiscated.
In the case of renewed controls, 30,000 ink fish were discovered and confiscated on the boats. In addition, according to three fishing and two motorboats, the information was confiscated and brought after postgraduate and Posjet at Vladiwostok.
Russia's fisheries authority had not spent fishing licences on the North Koreans even after complaints from local entrepreneurs this year. Thousands of fishermen from North Korea have already been arrested in time this year.
The head of the Association of Russian Fisheries Companies in the Far East region of Primorje, Georgi Martynow, also complained recently about high ecological damage caused by North Korean fishermen. They fished in Russia for banned narrow-meshed synthetic networks. These would also bring small living creatures out of the sea. In addition, the networks would simply be disposed of in the sea where they would need 200 years to be dismantled.
Künftig nur noch 18.000: USA senken Asyl-Obergrenze ab
The "greatest nation in history": Donald Trump, here at a meeting with elected police officers in the White House.
The richest country in the world is shooting off against protection seekers: as the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Washington confirms, the ceiling for the legal move of refugees will be further reduced. In future, the endangered believers and Iraqis will be given asylum.
The US Government wants to reduce the already historically low limit for the inclusion of new refugees once again. In the financial year 2020, which runs in the United States of October 2019 to September 2020, a maximum of 18,000 people are to be left into the country, as the US Department of State stated. In the already almost expired marketing year, the limit is still 30,000 people.
President Donald Trump’s government has drastically reduced its readiness for protection from all over the world in recent years. Unter der Vorgängerregierung von Barack Obama hatten weitaus höhere Aufnahmegrenzen gegolten.
The target of 18,000 refugees would be the lowest since the introduction of the US refugee programme in 1980. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs, however, described the US as the most "musting and generous nation in history", a formulation that is strongly reminiscent of the language use of the current US president.
Ein "verantwortungsbewusster Umgang" mit Flüchtlingen ziele darauf ab, dass die Flüchtlinge in ihre Heimatländer zurückkehren können, um dort beim Wiederaufbau zu helfen, erklärte Trump. For his hard course in migration policy, he gets a lot of support from followers, but there are also massive criticism.
Ein großer Streitpunkt ist die Grenze zu Mexiko, die Trump abriegeln will. Um den Bau einer Grenzmauer finanzieren zu können, hatte Trump den Nationalen Notstand verhängt. It is unclear whether there is a time relationship between the current measure and the current internal political developments in the US capital. Trump is currently under pressure because of the Selenskyj affair and perhaps threatening suspension of office.
The US Government wants to focus on the inclusion of two refugee groups in the future in the future: people who are persecuted for their faith - and Iraqis who have helped the US military in the country, thereby endangering, as indicated in the statement by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. On the other hand, a maximum of 1500 refugees are to be admitted from Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador.
The United States wants to see people from this 'northern triangle' to apply for asylum in other countries in particular. Against this background, the United States has only concluded with Guatemala and now with El Salvador and Honduras migration agreements in order to reduce immigration to the US-South border to Mexico.
Court ordered the release of Orang-Utan from Zoo.
An Orang-Utan-Weibchen has been relocated from the former Zoo from Buenos Aires to a reception station for apes in the United States at the request of the Argentine judiciary. The "Sandra" born in the Rostock Zoo in 1986 was awarded the rights of a "non-human person", so their release is mandatory. The animal was brought by direct flight to Dallas on Thursday evening - but not as a passenger, but in the cargo dream, as lawyer Andrés Gil Domínguez explained.
Since the 53 kilograms of heavy people are unable to adapt to life in the wilderness, they should live in the open-air out of the Center for Great Apes in Florida in the future. There are already 21 other uranium-Utans and 31 chimpanzees, including "Bubbles", former pet of Popstar Michael Jackson. In front of the entry into Florida, however, "Sandra" still has to survive a 40-day quarantine in the Sedgwick County Zoo in Wichita in the U.S. state of Kansas.
"Sandra" spent a few years in the former Ruhr zoo in Gelsenkirchen after her birth in Rostock before moved to Buenos Aires in 1995. The process of 'sandras' fundamental rights, initiated by animal protectionists in 2014, has contributed to the fact that the Buenos Aires zoo is transformed into an ecopark. By 2023, a research and education centre will be created for the preservation of biodiversity.
Record for Swiss extreme mountaineers: 550 meters in 46 minutes
The extreme mountaineer Dani Arnold has brought a new marriage to the Italian Alps at the almost 3000-metre-high Great Zinne.
Without a network, double soil or other aids, the Swiss defeated the 550 metres high north wall of the Great Zinne in a new record time.
dressed with jeans, T-shirt and only supported by absolute dizziness-free Arnold 46 minutes and 30 seconds for the ascent. In doing so, he thus adjusts the old mark by almost 19 minutes.
Arnold is now a record holder in Free Solo Speed at four of the six most important European northern walls.
Nike benefits from new online marketing strategy
The US sports article manufacturer Nike has recorded a clear profit increase regardless of the trade conflict with China. The net profit rose to $1.4 billion in the expired quarter (know 1.3 billion). These are 25 percent more than in the previous year, as the Group announced on Tuesday. The reason for this is the new marketing strategy "Nike Direct", which addresses the Adidas competitor directly to its customers.
In the United States, for example, it is estimated that more than one-third of the world’s population lives in developing countries, compared to more than one-third in the United States. The Nike sales figures with an increase of 22 percent in China put on the strongest. In the United States, for example, the US Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank have agreed to reduce their interest rates to zero, while the US Treasury and the Treasury have agreed to reduce their interest rates.
In the United States, for example, it is estimated that more than one-third of the world’s population lives in developing countries, compared to more than one-third in the United States. Investors reacted delighted to the quarterly figures - the shares of the sports article manufacturer rose by more than five percent.
Lifelong ban on stadium because of racism in Italy
Due to racist comments about football professional Juan Jesus of AS Rome, the association from the Italian capital imposed a life-long ban on stadium against a fan. The defender of Brazil from Brazil had been insulted by the fan on dayram. Jesus then published the private news and urged his club to take action. "@officialasroma you already know what to do with such a fan. #NoToRacism. proud to be who I am," wrote the 28-year-old who has been playing AS Rome since 2016.
The club reacted at the late Thursday. He reported to the fans' account at Instagram and the police. In addition, the Roma trailer should never again visit the club's game, wrote the club on Twitter.
Racism is a problem in Italian football. For example, in the United States, the Federal Reserve’s policy of quantitative easing (QE) and the Fed’s policy of quantitative easing (QE) is the most important step in the right direction. "We cannot have racism in society or sport. In Italy, the situation has not improved, and that is very serious. We must identify and throw those responsible out of the stadiums," Fifa President Gianni Infantino said at the weekend. The reason for the statement was racist songs at the first league party between Atalanta Bergamo and the AC Florence on the previous Sunday.
However, the supporters of Juventus Turin had recently given discussions. The Italian authorities now have 38-digit fans of record master Juventus Turin with stadium bans. Four of them should no longer enter the stadium for a period of ten years, shared the police. For the rest, bans on four to seven years are therefore applicable.
The fans are in contact with ongoing investigations against twelve leaders of Ultra-Fang groups around Juventus. The twelve are accused, among other things, of serious blackmail, money laundering and private violence. The club had launched the investigations with an ad last year.
The Ultra leaders are to be stuck behind the black trade with tickets according to Italian media reports. They would have the ticket trade for the fanking "military control" and should have blackmailed Juventus staff in order to come to more favorable cards.
Generation Z: Are they really different from generation Y?
Millenniums are narcissistic, the generation Z is politically - whole vintages are considered with griff designations. If you look more closely, the awards are full of contradictions. So how well do these labels describe the respective sense of life of young people?
"The crabs come!" With this reputation, the crab fishing at the Gucheng Lake in Gaochun started on 21 September, with the opening ceremony of the 19th century. China Gaochun Gucheng Lake Crab Festival was launched as the Department of Public Relations of the Nanjing-Gaochun District Committee announced.
Gaochun, which forms the southern foothills of Nanjing in the province of Jiangsu, is one of the national environmental zones. The city is the first international "Slow City" in China and here is also the Chinese seat of the international "Slow City" movement. In environmental terms, the city has ideal conditions with a mixture of "30 percent mountains, 20 percent water areas and 50 percent fields". The great natural environment of Gaochun offers its inhabitants all the conditions to become rich.
The people of Gaochun began to breed crabs at the beginning of the 1990s. Over time, the crabs industry has developed into a shaping industry that has caused high incomes and became an important part of Gaochun's economic development. In recent years Gaochun has actively sought a large-scale, ecological and scientific development of crabs, as well as a technical-based crabs. And the city has taken care of the promotion of greater efficiency in agriculture and farmers' incomes.
In recent years Gaochun has promoted a reform of the "distribution of power, optimization of administration and authorities' services" and has carefully built up the service network for "authorisations under one roof, a team for prosecution, a network for services, a platform for lending". In this way, the city wants to optimise the environment for permits, services and development.
Gaochun fully draws the benefits given on the spot through the connection to the southern Jiangsu and the southern Anhui and makes full use of the development zone and its position as an international "Slow City" as a flagship for intelligent high-end production companies, companies for biomedical and medical technology, for energy storage and environmental protection, from the cultural and health industry as well as for organic farming companies that are leading in the "3+2" area. At the same time, Gaochun has promoted the establishment of a national tourism zone and tourism, which covers all areas of tourism and tourism. The environmental and cultural resources of Gaochun's landscape have been integrated, the state of the buildings for citizens' services and the public service have been fully improved, the areas of tourism + and "+ tourism" are further developed and the development of cultural tourism at a high level of quality has been promoted. It is worth looking at the future of Gaochun.
Konflikt zwischen Iran und USA: Ruhani spricht von Ende der Sanktionen - Trump widerspricht
The Iranian President, Hassan Ruhani, spoke about the lifting of sanctions on his return from the UN General Assembly to the lifting of sanctions. In return, the United States would have promised to put an end to all sanctions for talks with the Tehran leadership, declared Ruhani on his official website.
But US President Donald Trump contradicted the Iranian counterpart on Twitter: " Iran wanted to raise the sanctions imposed against him so that there is a meeting. I said, of course, no.
Ruhani describes what happened: the Chancellor Angela Merkel, the British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, and the French President, Emmanuel Macron, have been present in New York and have insisted that a meeting take place. "And America says I lifted the sanctions," Ruhani added. The nature of the penalties that should be brought to an end has been discussed. And they have clearly said that we are lifting all sanctions'.
However, this move is not in an acceptable way, criticised Ruhani. In view of the sanctions in force and the poisoned atmosphere of maximum pressure, no one can predict the outcome of negotiations.
At the beginning of the week, Chancellor Angela Merkel met Ruhani in New York. The background was the hope of Europeans to save the nuclear agreement negotiated with Russia and China with Iran. This is intended to prevent the Islamic Republic from developing nuclear weapons. France’s President Emmanuel Macron, like Merkel on the margins of the UN General Assembly, expressed hope that Ruhani will meet with US President Donald Trump.
Heavy earthquakes near Istanbul - Fast 200 afterbirds
After Western Turkey was shaken by two earthquakes in the shortest possible time, fear of a disaster grows. 34 people were injured in the earthquake on Tuesday. Since the earthquake on the previous day, there have been almost 200 aftersets, the Turkish Vice-President Fuat Oktay said on Friday. That is the concern of a disaster.
14 schools in Istanbul have been closed for security reasons. Hundreds of buildings have therefore been damaged. The earthquake of strength 5.8 was shaken by the Marmararegion before Istanbul on Thursday and panic triggered in the millions metropolis. Now the government wants to set up a Commission to prepare the country better in the future for earthquakes, announced octay.
In the past 20 years, Turkey has not been sufficiently prepared for earthquakes, said Istanbuls mayor Ekrem Imamoglu. In the city itself, the latent danger is repeatedly ignored. Every year, poorly built homes are plunging into the city, with the many smaller earthquakes that are regularly shaken by Istanbul.
City planners such as the well-known architect Mücella Yapici have been warning for years that large open areas, which have been registered as a refuge in the centre, have long since been built. Erst zum 20. On the anniversary of the Gölcük earthquake in August, the Chamber of Construction of Istanbul warned that one million buildings in Istanbul were not earthquake.
The epicentre of the earthquake of Thursday was in the Marmarameer before the district of Silivri and in about seven kilometres deep, as the civil protection authority Afad informed. A small after-sales caused even greater panic on the streets a few minutes later.
The Istanbul mayor Ekrem Imamoglu participated in Twitter, injured or damage was not reported first. The state transmitter TRT showed people who panic from the houses. Students were taken from the buildings in the district of Silivri for security reasons. Some pupils knew how to see images.
Istanbul is considered to be particularly earthquake. Under the Marmarameer there is a section of the so-called North Anatolian disorder that marks the border between the Eurasian and the anatolic earth plan. Turkey is repeatedly shaken by earthquakes. One of the most deadly was the earthquake in 1999 near Istanbuls. At that time, more than 17,000 people died.
Researchers fear that an earthquake of strength will threaten 7.1 to 7.4. But when it comes to the earthquake is unclear. At the earthquake on Thursday, the West of the country and Istanbul met again.
Companies design emergency plans, private individuals have done so-called go-bags with everything necessary packed besides door doors, and schools contribute to children as they have to behave when the earth shakes. When the next great earthquakes come, it is unclear.
The Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said, on his return from New York, that eight people had been injured. Some buildings would have suffered slight damage. The Istanbul mayor Ekrem Imamoglu followed developments from Istanbul's disaster coordination centre (Akom). According to its data, two minarets of mosques collapsed in the districts of Avcilar and Sariyer.
A warning to after-sales in Istanbul
Many users of panic report in the social networks. Buildings shaken. Schools and hospitals have been evacuated. Telephone lines were interrupted. It would have been more intense than that of Tuesday, writes a user. The head of the Turkish Red Half Fund, Kerem Clinic, warned about Twitter. He called on people to stay out of buildings that had suffered visible damage.
The time of the term will be given to official information, according to 13.59 p.m. (local time). The staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was clean and comfortable.
Only on Tuesday had an earthquake of starch 4.6 shaken the Turkish Marmararegion - it was to be felt until Istanbul. His epicentre, too, in the Marmarameer west of the millions metropolis, shared the civil protection authority Afad on Tuesday.
It was not the only earthquake that caused headlines on this Tuesday: Pakistan was also hit by a serious earthquake.
Researchers assume that sooner or later there could be a catastrophic earthquake in Istanbul - the tension between the tectonic plates is extremely high. Scientists believe that they will unload themselves at some point - and will cause massive damage.
Earthquake researchers of southern crookes are expecting the earthquake to be a warning now. It has become more likely, he said to CNN Turkish. "This could be the signs of a larger earthquake," so Ersoy to the transmitter. "Früher or later the great earthquakes will also come".
A few weeks ago, there was an incident - the earthquake also caused great concern in Istanbul. In Albania, too, there was a violent earthquake only a few days ago - there were 68 injured. This year, too, the earth had burst on Lake Constance.
Parliament: New fuel in Ukraine affair
Two explosive documents provide a possible abuse of power by US President Donald Trump for new fuel in the Ukraine affair. In the US, for example, the US Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank have agreed to reduce their interest rates to zero, while the US Treasury and the Treasury have agreed to reduce interest rates to zero. Trump selbst sieht sich einmal mehr als Opfer einer "Hexenjagd". He also doubted the credibility of the whistleblower.
United Airlines Passengers imprisoned in Toilette - Passengers redirected to Toilette
Because a passenger was locked up in the board toilet, a flight from United Airlines has been redirected. The WC door was blocked in 1554 by Washington to San Francisco during the flight, divided the airline according to the US media.
In the case of an out-of-court intermediate landing on Wednesday evening (local time) in Denver, the woman was finally able to be liberated from the narrow cabin. Approximately one hour she was imprisoned in it, wrote US media on the basis of other passengers. For further flight towards San Francisco, passengers had to change the machine.
In a video spread on the Internet, which, according to the US media, should come from flight 1554, it can be seen how several people try to liberate the woman. "We are currently working on opening the door, Ma'am. We will soon get out, Okay?" says it a man. The airline apologised for all passengers. First, it was open to whether the woman receives compensation.
The Kakerlake: From Kafka, Ian McEwan writes Brexit-Roman.
How does a writer like Ian McEwan deal with the whole Brexit-Chaos? He writes a book about this - and his protagonist is unmistakable.
Inspired by Franz Kafka’s famous narrative "The transformation" the British successor Ian McEwan (71) wrote a book about Brexit-Chaos in Britain.
The novel "Die Kakerlake" (original: "The Cockroach") will appear in German on 27 November, shared the Diogenes Verlag (Zurich). This is about the transformation of a man called "Jim Sams", who was ignored or hired in his previous life, but now at once the most powerful man in Britain. It sees it as its mission to put the will of the people into practice and is wildly determined to stop from nothing and no one.
McEwan has been quoted with the words: 'If Parliament is closed, so that the government cannot be challenged at a critical moment when ministers are shamelessly lying as the Soviet leaders once, when Brexiteers in high positions bring about the disaster of a no-deal - then a writer must ask himself what he can do. There is only one answer to this: write. Of McEwan was only released in spring of the novel "M machines like I" about artificial intelligence.
Kafka's first narrative was published by Gregor Samsa, who woken up one morning and sees himself "to an enormous incitement" to gradually be excluded from family and society and finally underpinned. "Ian McEwan is nestled in Kafka to describe a world that stands up," it was said by the Diogenes Verlag.
EU is investing EUR 9.5 million in Austria's railway infrastructure
11.200 Wagons in Austria and Hungary receive whisper brakes to reduce noise pollution through freight trains. In addition, sections of the railway connections between Graz and Györ and Vienna Neustadt and Sopron are modernised and electrified.
According to the EU authorities, this is to make travel more comfortable and reduce CO2 emissions. The funds come from the EU infrastructure stew "Connecting Europe Facility".
Thomas Cook: All journeys until 31 October
The German tour operator Thomas Cook cancelled a day after his insolvency application to all journeys until 31 October 2019. Travelling could not be accepted for reasons of insolvency," the company announced on Thursday evening.
These include bookings by Thomas Cook Signature, Thomas Cook Signature Finest Selection, Neckermann Reisen, ÖGER TOURS, Bucher Reisen and Air Marin, who are already paid or paid in full. As is the case with travels from 1 November 2019, the company left open. In coordination with the insolvency insurance, the further procedure was examined.
Thomas Cook in Germany was in the Sog of the Pleite of the British Mother Group and had tabled insolvency on Wednesday. The company, which includes, among other things, Neckermann Reisen, Öger Tours and Bucher Reisen, employs around 2000 people in Germany.
Versicherer will Hotels ab sofort wieder Geld überweisen
On the other hand, from this Friday hotels abroad, which currently host Thomas-Cook-Urlauber, are to receive money from the Zurich insurance. According to Zurich, payments to the hotels are subject to the condition that holidaymakers are no longer invited to extra payments.
On the basis of the booking information and without template separate invoices, the hotels are now to receive 50 percent of the outstanding payments in the resorts, as a Zurich spokesman of the German Press Agency said. "This applies immediately and on condition that Thomas-Cook-Reisende is now not required or otherwise required by these hotels for individual payment of hotel invoices," said spokesman Bernd Engelien.
The insurance thus reacted to reports by hotel guests who were forced to pay their accommodation on the ground according to their own data. Some have therefore had to put more than EUR 1 000 on the table. The German Travel Association (DRV) and the Bundesverband der Consumerzentrals had severely criticised this.
How many hotels are affected will be voted on on Friday with the insolvent travel provider, said the insurance spokesman. According to Thursday, 70 000 Thomas-Cook-Pauschalurlaubers from Germany were on the road. The Zurich Germany has secured a holiday and return to the Thomas-Cook customers.
Insolvency administrators want to try to continue the three Thomas-Cook companies in Germany and find a solution to the future.
However, the resulting payments to hotels through Zurich insurance only help travellers who are still on the road. For Thomas-Cook customers who want to fly on holiday, it looks bad. At the late Thursday evening, the company announced that all journeys to 31 October would be cancelled. This also applies to such bookings, which have already been paid.
As is the case with travels from 1 November 2019, the company left open. In coordination with the insolvency insurance, the further procedure was examined. In principle, the insurance of Zurich is also responsible for these cases. The sale of new travel is stopped. dpa
The company refers to the insurers Zurich, which is represented by Kaera. Customers may inform themselves about the possibilities of reimbursement of the travel price on the Kaera website and assert their claims via a web form.
Prince Harry is destroying explosives in Angola
For a long time, Prince Harry continues the commitment of Lady Diana. In Africa, he is now moving directly to the traces of his mother.
With a blue cluster protection waistcoat, the British Prince Harry had lit and destroyed a explosive mine in Angola.
Close to a camp of the British Halo Trusts in the place Dirico he made the ignition circle on Friday morning in front of the TV cameras. In a safe distance, the explosive body exploded in the savannal landscape without causing damage. Although the Halo Trust alone has destroyed more than 100,000 relics of the decades-long bloody conflict in the African country, there are still more than 1000 mining fields that threaten the population.
On the fifth day of his African trip, Harry wanted to walk directly to the traces of his mother Diana (1961-1997) in the city of Huambo. With the same explosive master who once accompanied his mother, he wanted to go down the road that she went to. The images on which Princess Diana went through a spacious minefield in 1997 were around the world. She also demonstrated support for the Halo Trust.
Harry (35) and his wife Me Afghan (38) have been on a ten-day Africanise since Monday that began in the South African tourist metropolis of Cape Town.
Floating Brexit negotiations: The risk of a no-deal remains acute.
In fact, Premier Boris Johnson had clearly set out: he does not guarantee a third postponement of the Brexit negotiations. But what statements are from eternal duration in the polarizing British. The recent judgment of the Supreme Court in Britain hangs like a sword of Damocles over the blonde head. His suspension of Parliament in order to be able to carry out his Brexit course until the date of withdrawal was cancelled at the beginning of this week. And a law adopted by Parliament requires Johnson to bring about an extension of bilateral talks in the event of failed negotiations with the EU by 31 October. However, Johnson has repeatedly ruled out this.
Boris Johnson still holds Deal for possible
But the pressure does not seem to pass by Johnson. In the meantime, when a hospital was visited, he made indications that, in the event of non-compliance by the end of October, he supported an extension of the negotiations:
Do you know that we will stick to the law.
At the same time, however, we are confident that we will leave the EU on the 31st October.
And best with a deal. I am cautiously optimistic that the folding.
And the time is gradually running the Brexit negotiators in Brussels. For some six weeks, the EU and the British negotiators have had time to prevent Britain from leaving the European Union without agreements. But the recent talks have not yet achieved a breakthrough. An agreement by the end of October is currently more difficult to imagine. The British Prime Minister does not break the law, a new postponement of the exit date. However, the opposition did not trust the Prime Minister's words. They fear that Johnson could somehow enforce Brexit in the event of a no-deal.
US Agency: Other deaths by e-cigarettes
The number of deaths associated with the use of e-cigarettes in the United States has increased to twelve. In addition, there are now 805 confirmed and likely injured in this context, shared the US Health Authority CDC. According to a study in the "New England Journal of Medicine" there were already more than 900 people affected, some 500 of them confirmed. The cause of the lung damage is still completely unclear. No similar increase in lung damage has so far been known in Europe. The complaints seem to be limited to users in the United States.
The fear of new protests in Egypt grows grows.
The videos of Mohammed Ali have been shared in online networks. The building contractor and actor living in Spain calls for a "people's revolution". For today’s Friday, he called for further protests against President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi and the Egyptian military, to which critics accuse corruption and mismanagement. Ali hopes mass demonstrations with a million participants in central places in the country.
In any case, the security authorities are alarmed. In the centre of Kairos, a reinforced police presence has already been observed. Several underground stations remained closed, roads around the central Tahrir Square were closed. In the past few days, the police have increased their road controls and the mobile phones of pedestrians have partly searched for news and photos in connection with the protests.
On 20 September, the demonstrators also gathered around the Tahrir Square.
Last weekend, in Cairo, Alexandria, Suez and Mansura, protests came with hundreds of participants. There has not been such an open protest in Egypt for years. Accordingly, the security forces reacted to this. According to the human rights organisation Human Rights Watch (HRW) almost 2000 people have been arrested since last week. Many of them have been arbitrarily arrested - just because they were 'to the wrong time at the wrong place', shared HRW with a detainee who was arrested by lawyers.
The organisation also criticised censorship in the North African country. So the government is blocking websites and online services in Cairo to prevent further protests against al-Sisi. The General governs the country since 2013, after overthrowing the democratically elected Islamist President Mohammed Mursi. Thousands of Islamists, opponents of government, bloggers and activists have been imprisoned and partly convicted in recent years.
"Ocean Change": Arved Fuchs von Grönland-Expedition
The Polar Researcher Arved Fuchs returned from his Greenland expedition on Friday. He was welcome on his arrival in the port of Hamburg, among other things, from the Skipper Boris Herrmann, the climate activist Greta Thunberg with the racing yacht "Malizia" over the Atlantic.
With a team of scientists, Fuchs has studied and documented the consequences of global warming in recent months on his sailing ship "Dagmar Aaen" on the coasts of Iceland and Greenland.
The Fridays for Future Movement is a blessing, said the Polar Researcher. He has waited for years for the younger generation to speak. We have known for decades that the earth is warm. Nevertheless, many were able to do so as if there were a planet B.
"What happens to the sea often takes place with the exclusion of the public," said Fuchs. He and his team wanted to inform people about the effects of global warming and the filling of the seas. In the expedition, among other things, a drone was measured by Greenland's glacier ice and was fished with nets according to microplastic.
The Polar Researcher from Bad Bramstedt was awarded the "Seadevcon Maritime Award" for his "fight for a sustainable and respectful use of the world's oceans". "For all of us who are concerned about the survival of the oceans, Arved Fuchs is a great model," said Skipper Boris Herrmann at the award ceremony. "He is a witness to the changes that have taken place in the Arctic in recent decades".
Teure Spaghetti in Rome: Tourists paid for noodles 430 Euro
430 Euro for two plates Spaghetti with fish in a simple restaurant near the angelsburg in Rome: the two Japanese tourist women too much. The bill with 80 Euro tip included was paid by the two women, but they posed the receipt on Facebook, which triggered heated reactions.
"Solche cases damage the image of Rome. We call on the police to investigate whether this is a fraud," called for a spokesman for the Federagit, the association of travel guides in Rome, according to the Roman daily Il Messaggero (Friday edition).
Prompt came the reaction of the holders of the restaurant. The Japanese had ordered not only spaghetti, but also fresh fish, justified the local owner. However, this cannot be seen from the bill. The staff were very friendly and helpful.
A call in Ukraine, and everything is broken? In the US, for example, the US Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank have agreed to reduce their interest rates to zero, while the US Treasury and the Treasury have agreed to reduce their interest rates.
At the beginning of the scandal there is supposedly the telephone call with the Ukrainian President Wolodymyr Selenskyj. The accusation of whistleblowers, which has ultimately brought the conversation out of concern for national security and the US democracy with its complaint to the public, is monstrous: the President has abused the power of his office to exploit the government of another country for influence on the election 2020. He has exploited Ukraine's dependence on Ukraine and wants to force it to take action against a political opponent.
The core of this project is also to be understood in the now published signature of the conversation with Selenskyj, although it does not reflect the full wording. However, the telephone call from 25 July is only an episode of a much larger history, in the centre of which, in addition to Trump, is above all his personal lawyer: Rudy Giuliani.
History began from the public's point of view in May 2019 when the New York Times of Rudy Giulianis reported timetables to Ukraine. He wants to meet in Kiev with the elected President Selenskyj, and the lawyer himself knows very well that his intentions are sensitive. "We do not interfere in an election, we interfere in an investigation where we have the right," he says the newspaper. One might think it is inappropriate, but 'daran is nothing illegal'. Giuliani wants investigations to be carried out in Ukraine, for which there is hardly any basis - "because this information will be very, very helpful for my client and could prove helpful to my government'.
In the US, for example, the US Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank have agreed to reduce their interest rates to zero, while the US Treasury and the Treasury have agreed to reduce interest rates to zero. However, this accusation was never serious.
Dabei geht es um genau die Ermittlungen, über die Trump im Juli am Telefon mit Selenskyj so prominent sprechen wird. The version Giulianis and the President read: the former Vice-President and currently promising applicants for the presidential candidacy of the democrats, Joe Biden, have pushed to the dismissal of the then Ukrainian Attorney General Wiktor Schokin as a Ukraine representative of the Obama administration. In order to stop the investigation of the gas company he was responsible for, his son Hunter Biden worked on his supervisory board. Biden senior has financially blackmailed Ukraine to cover up the corrupt machinations of his family.
In fact, the process was somewhat different. When Joe Biden called for the Ukrainian Attorney General to go, the investigations against the gas company had already been completed, Hunter Biden was never directly affected by it. In addition, Schokin was seriously accused of corrupt traders, the US government was far from the only Western partner who pushed for his dismissal. Moreover, the Obama administration explicitly supported the investigations against the company.
Disruptions in dayram Facebook and Whatsapp: Social media are down!
Users worldwide report massive disorders at dayram and Facebook. So Germany, the United Kingdom and Spain are particularly affected. On the website of allest disturbances.de, users report that Facebook has not loads again and again since about 15.30 p.m. The error message also indicates that content could not be loaded. Whatsapp also seems to be affected by the disruption, albeit not to the same extent.
In dayram and Co. More often affected by disturbances
It is not the first massive incident this year. Already in March and in July the services were for several hours. And as in previous cases, users also resort this time to Twitter in order to make their anger air.
Polish scientists in Antarctica
Three Polish scientists have been saved by the Chilean air force from the Antarctic ice. They were on the road with a hoseboat and several miles away from their base when their engine failed. They were lucky in the misfortune - less than an hour needed the Chilean rescue helicopter for recovery.
Eduardo Mosquera, commander of the 4th Chilean air brigade:
"For 9:30 a.m. we received the news to just ten we started, and good 20 minutes we were over the hoseboat.
Poland's most famous work, The History of the United States , was published in 1977 . The frozen researchers have certainly been brought back to their research station.
Attention: Smartphone NIE wirelessly charge!
Practical, but harmful,
Inductive technology via Qi standard is extremely practical, but it should not be used.
As several new smartphones have recently come onto the market, the wireless charging will support and sell very well - especially the new iPhone-11 models, we would like to remind you once again of a study from the beginning of July. The wireless loading of mobile devices is extremely practical, but not necessarily recommended.
Higher temperature sets battery.
Researchers warn against the wireless loading of smartphones. According to the findings of the Univerity of Warwick, this is extremely harmful to the devices. The reason for this is the much greater heat development. If you charge a mobile phone normally via cable, the battery is heated within three hours to 27 degrees. In the case of wireless charging, the researchers themselves have always measured more than 30 degrees in the charging path in perfect alignment of the smartphones. If the mobile phone is somewhat next to the coil, the temperature rises even higher. In addition, the wat thickness of the loading pad increases, which in turn drives the power consumption up to the height.
Capacity and life
According to the researchers, the temperature for the durability of batteries is a decisive factor. Every individual degree plays a role. When loading at higher temperatures, the battery is not only one of capacity, but also does not mean so long. So the lifetime is lower. The researchers therefore advise to charge the smartphone by cable. As an ack exchange in modern smartphones is always associated with high costs, this should be a helpful tip. Apple has recently increased the cost of an ack exchange - for all iPhones.
Practically
The technique is extremely comfortable: inserts the device on an appropriate loading path - these are already installed in many restaurants, airports, hotels as well as cars - and the battery is charged without annoying cable salads and arduous connectors. As Qi ( stands for inductive energy transmission) a global standard is enforced, in which even Apple is currently involved, there are hardly any restrictions. However, according to researchers, technology should only be applied in exceptional cases.
Everest-Stau-Fotograf: 13 Achttausender in sechs Monaten
According to its own data, a Nepalese mountaineer climbed 13 of the 14 highest mountains in the world in just six months. Nirmal Purja (36) has reached the top of the Manaslu in Nepal and thus set a record, shared his expedition operator.
The former soldier wants to climb every 14 eight-thousand-metre-long in seven months. Purja calls his project "Mission Possible". He has already made international headlines: he comes from the spring viral photo of mountaineers who stand on Mount Everest Schlange.
The image of the mass ranking triggered a debate on stronger security measures at the 8848 metres high mountain and highest peak of the Earth. In May, eleven climbers died in the climbing of a few days.
A problem for Purja could be the climbing of the 14. Eight tissders are: Chinese authorities are currently blocking the Xixabangma mountain in Tibet. The reason for this is, among other things, bad weather. In the early week, Purja wrote on Twitter that Nepal’s government wanted to speak with China to allow him to rise.
Four dead elephants on Sri Lanka
Among the dead animals is also a powerful elephant cow, shared a police spokesman on Friday. "We suspect that the elephant poisoners were.
The four carcasses were found in a protected area near the famous rocks of Sigiriya visited by many tourists. According to the police spokesman, the animals were probably between 15 and 25 years old. An autopsy has been ordered to determine the cause of death.
In Sri Lanka, almost 200 elephants are killed every year. The perpetrators are often farmers on whose country the animals had previously harmed. At the same time, around 50 people are killed annually by elephants. This is usually done when the animals draw the villages built by near their living space.
In Sri Lanka, it is estimated that only about 7,000 elephants live. In theory, the death penalty is on its killing.
Festgehaltener britischer Öltanker verlässt den Iran
The British oil tanker "Stena Impero" leaves the port city of Bandar Abbas more than two months after his fixing by Iran. This was announced by the Maritime Office Bandar Abbas according to the news agency IRNA. The Iranian Revolutionary Guards set the tanker travelling under British flag on 19 July under the reproach of disregarding rules of the Law of the Sea in the Persian Gulf.
Management von Thomas Cook in der Kritik
The competent Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs of the House of Commons wants to examine the bankruptcy of the giant Thomas Cook comprehensively. It is a question of the salary packages of the Management Board, as well as the question of why the British Government did not have financially struggling to survive. "Our interest is the supervision in the company as well as the control of external book auditors," the committee chairman Rachel Reeves announced in London. "Openable we have to do with a terrible example of management greed".
Laut Experten werden Gene beim Darmkrebsrisiko überschätzt
The role of genes in the family-run Darm cancer risk has obviously been overestimated. At this conclusion, researchers from the German Cancer Research Centre (DKFZ) Heidelberg come into a recent study. Other risk factors such as family nutritional habits are probably more difficult than they have been. This has consequences for calculations of the individual intestinal cancer risk, emphasizing the DKFZ scientists.
Elon Musk lets Tesla shares rise
This wrote Musk in an e-mail published by the industryblog "Electrek" on Thursday (place time). The demand is strong, so Tesla 110'000 orders could be recorded, it continued in Musks Rundschletter.
The challenge is to bring the cars to the customer quickly. Tesla must offer as many resources as possible to the quarter.
Investors liked the information: Teslas shares went from trade with a plus of more than six percent. For almost four months, the course has no longer increased. In the second quarter, Tesla had delivered 95,000 cars and thus reached its existing best value.
Musk needs records to achieve its high goals. In 2019, he wants to deliver a total of 360,000 to 400,000 cars. For this purpose, six-digit figures must be produced in the current and forthcoming quarter of a year. Especially the cheapest Tesla Model 3 is required, but here the profit margins are low. Despite the boom, there were last losses.
Will British Government deal with Brexit law? Johnson zurückhaltend
The British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, is concerned about whether he is looking for an unregulated Brexit for a circumvention of the last law adopted by Parliament. He only said to the relevant question on Friday to journalists that his government will abide by the law in force.
The law stipulates that the government must apply for a postponement of the withdrawal date if no agreement with the EU was reached by mid-October. Johnson criticises this as a 'capitulation law', which makes negotiations with the EU more difficult.
The former British Prime Minister, John Major, said on Thursday that Johnson could try to use "political harassment" to circumvent the law. Johnson could deploy a procedural trick that postpones the entry into force of the law at the time of the EU State.
Johnson said that he wants a treaty with the European Union. "We are confident to leave the EU on 31 October, and the best way is to reach an agreement.
Iran appears to be driving uranium enrichment high
Iran’s President Hassan Rohani has increased pressure on the European contracting parties in the dispute over the rescue of the historic nuclear agreement. "Leider shows the European states inability or unwillingness to take concrete action," said Rohani on Thursday at a press conference on the margins of the UN General Assembly in New York. In the event that they do not lead to their promises, he presented "more steps" away from the agreements of the laboriously negotiated agreement of 2015.
In the US, for example, the US Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank have agreed to reduce their interest rates to zero, while the US Treasury and the Treasury have agreed to reduce their interest rates. The US rose from the agreement in 2018 to force Iran with "maximum pressure" to change course in the Middle East policy considered aggressive. President Donald Trump’s government wants to negotiate a new agreement with harsher requirements and is now relying on tough sanctions against Tehran. Iran recently reacted with a recovery of the uranium enrichment limited in the Treaty.
The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) confirmed in a report that the Islamic Republic now also uses the centrifuges installed at the beginning of September with uranium or has at least prepared for use. According to IAEA, Iran is also preparing to build more than 300 other centrifuges.
Perhaps Europeans are not prepared to bear their share of the deal and therefore leave the Iranians alone with the costs and burden of US sanctions alone, suspected Rohani. However, there will still be further discussions, which I hope will have a solution.
Rohani continues to spread Iran’s involvement in attacks in Saudi Arabia
However, after an attack on an important oil plant in Saudi Arabia in mid-September, the painting situation changed in mid-September: Germany, France and Great Britain followed the US assessment on Monday that Tehran was responsible for the attack. Initially, the Huthi rebels supported by Iran in Yemen had become known to the attack, which was seen by the US as the wrong commitment. "We have nothing to do with this," says Rohani on Wednesday his position.
" Those who make such accusations must present evidence of this," said Rohani. However, the European leaders in the talks with him could not have done so during the UN General debate. Instead, they would only have invoked that the rebels in Yemen could not carry out an attack like this. In the past few days, Rohani has met with Chancellor Angela Merkel, France’s President Emmanuel Macron and British Prime Minister Boris Johnson.
In the US, for example, the US Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank have agreed to reduce their interest rates to zero, while the US Treasury and the Treasury have agreed to reduce their interest rates. He called on the government in Washington to switch to a policy of 'dialogue and reason'.
Comet of other star interrupts solar system
Astronomers are currently observing a comet from the deep in space. This was first possible. The comet allows conclusions to be drawn to other solar systems.
What was initially only a presumption is confirmed: an interstellar guest crosses our solar system. The comet from the depth of space was baptized after its explorer on 2I/Borisov and aroused the interest of astronomers around the world.
The wide comet was discovered on 30 August by the Amateurastronomen Gennadi Borissow on Margo observatory at the Crimea - with a self-built telescope of 65 centimetres diameter. After observations of various observatories, not only confirmed that it was an unknown comet, but also showed that it did not come from our solar system.
2I/Borisov is only the second interstellare object after 1I/'Oumuamua from 2017.
2I/Borisov offers astronomers the rare chance to get insights into a foreign solar system from the nearby point of view before it disappears on Nimmerwieder. First observations show that the interstellare comet resembles those of our own system, such as the astrophysical institute of the Canary Islands. "The current speed of the comet is high, about 150,000 kilometers per hour, which is clearly above the typical speeds of objects that circle the sun", reported about Davide Farnocchia from the U.S. space authority Nasa in a communication.
According to the analyses, the comet is on the road to a so-called hyperbel railway that goes beyond our system - and clearly interstellar origin, such as the International astronomical Union (IAU). It is also responsible for the appointment and categorization of celestial bodies. In honour of his discovery, the interstellare sulphur star, which had initially been led under the catalogue number C/2019 Q4, was called 2I/Borisov, with the first part of the name indicating that this is the second interstellare object that has been discovered in our solar system.
The astronomers are lucky: unlike 1I/'Oumuamua, 2I/Borisov was already spotted in the flight. For many months, researchers remain for investigations. "The object will reach the largest brightness in mid-December and will then be seen until April 2020 with medium-sized telescopes," explained Farnocchia. "Danach will only be observed with larger, professional telescopes until October 2020".
Several observatories have already targeted the visitor. For example, a team around Karen Meech from the University of Hawaii, who had already led the characterization of 1I/'Oumuamua, in a first investigation the diameter of the sky object to 2 to 16 kilometres. Pictures of the Gemini Observatory on Hawaii show a clear silence of the comet.
Researchers of the astrophysical institute of the Canary Islands (IAC) have already gained a first so-called spectrum from the interstellar welding star, which offers a kind of fingerprint of its chemical composition. "The spectrum of this object resembles those of comets of our solar system, and this indicates that it must be similar to its composition," IAC researcher Julia de León reported. This observation suggests that comets in other solar systems could form similar processes as in our Amended León, Javier Licandro.
The discovery of two interstellar visitors within just two years indicates the IAU’s assessment that these objects could open up a new way to research certain processes in other solar systems. However, how often such stippers are, it is still difficult to estimate. One of the next interstellar visitors could perhaps intercept a planned satellite mission of the European Space Agency Esa.
The agency wants to deploy the three-part space probe "Comet Interceptor" (German about Kometen-Fishing hunters) by 2028 on a waiting position in 1.5 million kilometres from the Earth. According to Esa-Science Director Günther Hasinger, she is to lurk either on an unspoilt, fresh comet from our own solar system, or on an interstellar visitor like 1I/'Oumuamua.
First landing on Beijing new Mega-Airport Daxing
On time in front of the 70th birthday of the People's Republic, it is the time for the new mega-airport to the south of the Chinese capital city to land a first passenger machine of China United Airlines, a special honour for captains and crew.
By 2022, around 45 million passengers are to be produced annually at the new airport, and in 2025 it will already be 72 million. China’s President Xi Jinping personally announced the opening of the 450 billion expensive project. China's recent prestige project is also called "sisters" because of its six-armed building structure.
The complex has four runways, which are later to be extended to seven and is equipped with the world's largest automatic air traffic management system. A new U-new underground transports passengers in only 20 minutes to Beijing city centre.
Even during the construction, the Chinese had repeatedly said that Berlin could learn from Beijing. The opening of the capital airport in Germany, which has been under construction since 2006, has been postponed time and again. In Beijing, on the other hand, a first passenger machine landed after four years.
New overlapping aircraft will fly in 2030: in four and a half hours from London to Sydney.
From London to Sydney in just four and a half hours - the UK Space Agency dreams of it. It is possible to make it a special drive (Synergetic Air-Breathing Rocket Engine, Sabre), which the company Reaction Engines develops from Oxfordshire from Oxfordshire. "This is the technology that could definitely do this," said Agenturchef Graham Turnock to the transmitter. "We are talking about the 2030s for commissioning, and the work is already very advanced".
In order to promote the project, the British Space Agency wants to cooperate with the Australian closer together. A flight from the British capital to the Australian metropolis currently takes about 20 hours. As previously the only overlapping aircraft for passenger transport, the Concorde covered the New York-Paris route from 1976 to the end of its operation in 2003 and took three to three and a half hours. In 2000, there was an accident at the start of a Concorde at the Paris airport Charles de Gaulle, where all 109 inmates died. Last year, the US aircraft manufacturer Lockheed Martin announced plans to develop an overlapping aircraft together with the US space authority Nasa, the "X-Plane". Virgin Galactic also has such developments in the programme.
"Sabre will make the world smaller with its high-speed point-to-point transport," writes Reaction Engines, among other things, on its homepage. The Sabre drive could be used for efficient travel with a speed of Mach 5 - that means five times as fast as the sound. In addition, such aircraft can also be used outside the earth's atmosphere and thus made it possible for the 'nonest generation' to be truly reusable.
Trump’s economy is growing at an annual rate of more than 2% per year.
In the US, for example, the US Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank have agreed to reduce their interest rates to zero, while the US Treasury and the Treasury have agreed to reduce their interest rates.
"I want to know who has given the whistleblower the information," said Trump to the United Nations in New York on Thursday. The person concerned is almost "a spy" and with such people you have moved to "a little different" in the past.
This was seen as an intimidation attempt against donors. The event was not in public. On Friday, however, several US media spread Audiomit cuts from address. Democrats reacted outraged to the President's statement.
The democrats in the US House of Representatives announced preparations for an official appeal against Trump on Tuesday. Their accusations are mainly based on the written complaint of an anonymous secret service employee who rises severe accusations against Trump and his governmental headquarters. At large public pressure, the signs of the notice were made public on Thursday.
In his work, Whistleblower wants to have received information from several government officials according to which the US President " uses the power of his office" to ensure that another country interferes in the US elections in 2020.
Trump’s victory in the US presidential election in the first half of the twentieth century was a sign that Trump’s victory in the US presidential election in the first half of the twentieth century. This is about former transactions of Biden’s son Hunter in Ukraine and alleged efforts to protect his bosses from the Ukrainian judiciary. Biden is in the race for the democratic presidential candidacy for the election 2020.
The whistleblower accused the White House of the cover-up with a view to Ukraine's telephony: leading government staff would have tried to keep the exact wording of the conversation under the ceiling. As usual, an electronic text protocol has been made. However, this was removed after the conversation on the instructions of lawyers from the White House from a database usually provided for it and had instead been stored in a particularly protected system. So far, only a large protocol of talks has been published.
The identity of the notice is not public. The New York Times reported that it should be an employee of the foreign secret service CIA.
Trump once again questioned the credibility of the source on Friday. In a series of tweets on the subject, the President wrote, among other things, that the "so-called whistleblower" has spread information from second hand that would have proved to be incorrect. Therefore, there may not be any donors or spies.
Trump’s victory in the US presidential election in the first half of the twentieth century was the same as the US Federal Reserve’s policy of quantitative easing (QE). The US House of Representatives, Nancy Pelosi, responded and complained that Trump’s statement would once again lead to the integrity of the government.
In the House of Representatives, various studies have been under way against Trump and his environment for months in various committees. In the US, for example, the US Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank have agreed to reduce their interest rates to zero, while the US Treasury and the Treasury have agreed to reduce their interest rates.
"The whistleblower gave us a road map for our investigation," said the head of the secret service committee in the House of Representatives, Adam ship. Trump griff Schiff scharf an, warf ihm eine falsche Darstellung der Dinge vor und forderte erneut den Rücktritt des Ausschussvorsitzenden. Trump beschimpft Schiff regelmäßig und hatte bereits vor Monaten dessen Rückzug verlangt.
More than 300 former US government officials from the security and foreign policy area, who worked by the majority of democratic, but also Republican, presidents, were in a statement published on Friday by the democrats for a possible suspension of office. Sollten sich die Vorwürfe bewahrheiten, wäre das "ein skrupelloser Machtmissbrauch" durch Trump, hieß es darin.
There is no precise timetable for the further procedure. By a majority in the House of Representatives, democrats could make an effort to implement a so-called impeccable procedure. But the decision on actual dismissal targets the Senate, where Trump’s Republicans have the majority. The prospects for the success of such a procedure are therefore low. So far, no US president has been dismissed by an impeccination procedure of the office.
VW Works Council: jobs are 'happy'.
The VW's plans to reduce costs further in production could be at the expense of manufacturing in Germany and Europe. This concern is driving the car's works council. The brand wants to reduce its annual factory costs of EUR 10 billion by EUR 2 billion by 2023. EUR 500 million is to be saved this year.
One key to this is personnel costs. By 2020, the “future pact” negotiated between companies and works councils already provides for the dismantling of 14,000 jobs in Germany alone. As a matter of principle, a job can only be dismantled at the car manufacturer if it is proven, as it were, that the activities involved are no longer necessary. In addition, there is an employment security up to 2029.
As our newspaper has now learned from works councils, however, jobs in production, which are not actually at the disposal of disposition, are being dismantled by another path - in other words, by the official course. In this way, free regulators would often not be re-established.
In these cases, the works council has no way of enforcing the re-establishment. In the meantime, staff are missing from many places, which take care of work, the concerns of a gradual bleeding of the car works would be greater. This also raises the fear that vehicle production could gradually be withdrawn from Germany and Europe because it is cheaper in other parts of the world. Of VW, it was only said: 'A adaptation of the volume of employment takes place as if socially acceptable along the demographic curve".
The VW brand wants to standardize the production worldwide and control new projects centrally. This also reduces costs and also speeds up decisions - the aim is to increase productivity and thus competitiveness. In the US, for example, it is estimated that more than half of the world’s population lives in rural areas, and that more than half of the world’s population lives in rural areas.
In this way, there are already successes: for example, this year, for the first time since 2013, production costs per vehicle would fall compared to the previous year. Journalists said Tostmann that the production time for the Gulf 8, which is to be presented in Wolfsburg on 24 October, was a short time ago. Exact figures for the production period are not called VW, according to information from our newspaper it is around the Golf 7!
20 hours.
In our region, Wolfsburg is the only VW factory in which vehicles are produced. The works of Braunschweig and Salzgitter produce components. For Wolfsburg, VW-intern applies to the rule of thumb that 800,000 cars need to be built annually, so that the work is satisfactory. In 2018, however, the utilization in Wolfsburg was only about 700,000 vehicles, due to the declining diesel demand and the problems of switching to the new consumption and exhaust gas testing process WLTP.
As the Board of Directors of Tostmann announced last year, in Wolfsburg, a million cars are to roll from the band. This is intended to make the bundling of golf production possible in the tribe - because the Zwickau plant passes the golf manufacturing through the conversion to the site for the e-auto production.
In addition, the SUV Tiguan and Tarraco (Seat) are produced in Wolfsburg. However, the sales figures of golf and Tiguan have recently declined. Therefore, expectations rest on the Gulf 8. In spite of all efforts to build the e-mobility for the time being, he is to remain the bread and butter car of the Wolfsburger.
Mit Voodoo zur Prostitution gezwungen: Menschenhändler verurteilt
Young women from Nigeria have been squeezed into the Ruhr region and forced into prostitution. Six alleged traffickers in human beings must be imprisoned for this.
Six alleged human traffickers from Nigeria have been sentenced to admiration and prison sentences of up to eight years and three months on Friday in Bochum. The accused had smuggled young women from Nigeria into the Ruhr region and forced prostitution. In order to force her obedience, the willing Nigerians had to take a ritual sword in the home before a Voodoo priest.
The victims were between 17 and 22 years old. They were brought to hoseboats via the Mediterranean using Libyan smugglers. However, the dream of a better future did not meet. arrived in Germany, they were distributed to various on-board shells in order to devalue the alleged costs of smugglers by an average of EUR 25 000. The wage was therefore completely taken away from them.
The accused - four men and two women - admitted the injection and the subsequent distribution of young Nigerians on board in the process. "The work made women physically and psychologically difficult to create," said Judge Isabel Hoffmann in the judgment. "Some were really irresistible".
The judgments are on commercial and national injection of foreigners, human trafficking, pimping and severe forced prostitution.
Ufo calls for negotiations with Lufthansa
FIm permanent dispute with the Lufthansa Group has once again threatened the flight cabinets Ufo with strikes.
If the company does not return to the negotiating table, the trade union will inform " 14 October on the work combat measures in the LH Group", announced Ufo-Tarif Board Daniel Flohr on Friday. Lufthansa and its daughter Eurowings have been refusing to conduct the Ufo collective bargaining. It is also a question of whether the trade union has legally terminated collective agreements at Lufthansa.
On this point, Ufo is now being strengthened after a decision by the Frankfurt Labour Court. Lufthansa wanted to say that collective agreements are not terminated. The Court rejected the amendments. The company confirmed the decision and examined the use of remedies. "That a second court sees the matter completely different, I think it is unlikely," said Ufo Board of Directors.
In August, Lufthansa also submitted a request to the Frankfurt Labour Court to review the status of the Ufo as a trade union. The company argues that the trade union has not been able to set up an authorised board of directors for months and is unable to fill its role as a collective partner.
Previously, a fierce leader in the divide trade union, during which many members of the Board of Directors and the Advisory Board resigned, including the long-standing trade union head Nicoley Baublies. Due to the doubts about their leadership, the Ufo had already suspended an early vote on the strikes of the cabin staff at Eurowings at the end of July.
Simplified entry: Saudi Arabia announces new visa system
So far, Saudi Arabia has not just been known as international tourist magnet. But that is to change now. The country in the Persian Gulf wants to introduce new visa regulations.
With a new visa system, Saudi Arabia wants to attract international tourists in the future. By 2030, the number of international and local visitors to 100 million per year would increase, shared the tourism commission.
"The opening of Saudi Arabia for international tourists is ahistoric moment for our country," said the leader of the tourism commission, Ahmad Al-Chatib.
Saudi Arabia has so far been difficult to access to tourists. Visa complaints usually only for short business trips, religious pilgrimage or visitors with relatives in the desert state. With the new rules, the narrative kingdoms is hoped for more revenue from the tourism business. According to our own state, Riad wants to reduce its dependence on oil trade.
In mid-September, several missiles and drones had hit two most important oil plants in the east of Saudi Arabia: the country’s largest oil-length in Abkaik, as well as the Churais oil field. In the case, national oil production drastically collapsed, the oil price shot. It may take several weeks for the world's oil production to reach its old level again.
Justin and Hailey Bieber are in preparations for weddings
singer Justin Bieber (25) and his wife Hailey (22) prepare for their wedding festival. The Model posed several party photos on Thursday (place time) in their day-to-day Stories, where they can be seen in the white wedding look. Reality star Kendall Jenner (23) and others had organized a young company in Los Angeles according to the People magazine.
Justin posed several colourful, among other things with bananas printed on dayram and asked his followers: "Helft me, my smoking for the wedding to choose". According to media reports, the Promi-Paar wants to marry ecclesiastical next weekend.
A year ago, the Biebers gave the Ja-Wort in a New York office. There was no greater feast at that time.
In an interview with the Australian Vogue, Hailey recently said that the two had found a common level after initial problems: "If you don't want to compromise, you can't have a relationship".
Two deaths on aircraft crashes in the Czech Republic
Two people died when a small aircraft crashed in the west of Czech Republic. The wreck was discovered on Friday in a forest area at the city of Mecin (Metschin) and the police participated. In the dead it was a 38-year-old woman and a 64-year-old man.
The authorities had searched for the machine since Thursday evening after the crew had made an emergency signal via GPS. A military helicopter was also in use in the search. The cause of the accident must be identified. The crash is about 30 km south of Pilsen (Plzen) and 100 kilometers north-east of Regensburg.
Half of European types of trees are threatened with extinction.
In addition to pests, diseases, alien species, unsustainable timber strike and the growth of cities are the causes of the threat, reported the IUCN World Nature Protection Union in Brussels on Friday. It has examined the stocks of all 454 species known in Europe. 265 of them are not present on any other continent. Of these 265, 58 percent were threatened. 66 are already at the highest level of danger and thus before extinction.
The IUCN divides endangered species into six categories: 'dangerously endangered' by 'dangerous', 'strongly endangered', 'from extinction' and 'expected in nature' to 'extended'. In total, it lists more than 28,000 animal and plant species worldwide as endangered.
Eberesche und wilde Rosskastanie bedroht
In Germany, Ebereschen (Sorbus) is mainly threatened, said one of the authors, David Allen, the German Press Agency. " Most are threatened because the populations are small anyway or through the conversion or weakening of their habitats".
It also looks bad for the wild ordinary horse chestnuts. They have been regarded as "dangerous", stage two of the IUCN scale since 2017. In addition to a mushroom, the greatest threat is the Balkan mining fleet. She has spread from south-eastern Europe to the whole continent since the 1980s and has little natural enemies. IUCN appreciates the number of wild horse chestnuts (Aesculus hippocastanum) in Europe on less than 10,000 copies. Not taken into account in this assessment are the trees in cities, parks and avenues.
Straucharten und Moose ebenfalls in Gefahr
At the same time, IUCN scientists created new European red lists for molluscs, shrubs and moose. More than one fifth of the molluscs and moose, and almost half of all shrubs are under threat, according to the IUCN. This is mainly due to the destruction of the wilderness, to embraced species, agricultural practices and climate change. Weights such as snails played a key role in the recycling of nutrients in the soil and are an important source of food for birds and other animals.
"This report shows that the situation for many overlooks and underestimated species is precarious, species that form the backbone of the European ecosystem and contribute to a healthy planet," said Luc Bas, IUCN Director of the European Office. "We must limit the effects of human beings on our ecosystems and make the protection of these species priority.
earthquakes before Istanbul: 34 injured reported
In the recent earthquake in Turkey, 34 people have been injured. The staff were very friendly and helpful. Dozens of people had to leave their homes, 14 schools in Istanbul were closed for security reasons, said the Turkish Vice-President Fuat Oktay on Friday.
Hundreds of buildings have therefore been damaged. Since the earthquake on the previous day, there have been almost 200 aftershocks. The earthquake of strength 5.8 was shaken by the Marmararegion before Istanbul on Thursday and panic triggered in the millions metropolis.
Now the government wants to set up a Commission to prepare the country better in the future for earthquakes, announced octay. In the past 20 years, Turkey has not been sufficiently prepared for earthquakes, said Istanbuls mayor Ekrem Imamoglu.
Istanbul is considered to be particularly earthquake. Under the Marmarameer there is a section of the so-called North Anatolian disorder that marks the border between the Eurasian and the anatolic earth plan.
One of the most serious earthquakes was one of the strengths 7.6 in 1999 near Istanbuls. The epicentre was then in Gölcük southeast Istanbuls. More than 17 000 people died.
Already on Tuesday, an earthquake of strength 4.6 had shaken the region around Istanbul. The authorities called on the inhabitants to stay out of damaged buildings.
Super Bowl 2020: Jennifer Lopez (JLo) and Shakira will take place in the mid-term show.
The Latin pop singers Jennifer Lopez and Shakira will run the mid-term show of the next American football final Super Bowl. The singers announced the singers on Twitter. "Little it will not," Shakira wrote a photo of itself and Lopez. It is madly excited to stand on the super-bowl stage. On 2 February 2020 it will be ready in Miami.
Jennifer Lopez said that she had dreamed of acting during the Super Bowl - at that time she saw Diana Ross fly in the sky during the mid-term show. "Now it is special because the NFL consists of 100 years and I will form with another Latina". It can hardly expect "to show what we are able to do on the largest stage of the world".
Shakira pointed out in a statement that, in addition to another artist on one of the largest stages in the world, he is honoured to represent Latinos and Latinas from the USA and the world as a whole. And then also on my birthday!' The main sponsor of the event wrote on Twitter, it is the first time that the two "king" together are on a stage.
Shakira comes from Colombia. Jennifer Lopez was born in New York, her parents come from Puerto Rico.
Fight against falling spectators
The Super Bowl is the culmination of the American football season. The game and mid-term show are among the most common TV broadcasts in the United States. Even if you have fallen to the audience last, the spectacle in the United States has attracted the fewest spectators for more than ten years. Nevertheless, it was still almost a hundred million people on average.
In order to keep the mid-term show of the last Super Bowl, there was a riots in advance: in the dispute over the handling of Quarterback Colin Kaepernick, media reports did not appear in the last February, such as Rihanna, Pink and Cardi B. After all, the Maroon pop group 5 led the mid-term show - the criticisms were little friendly.
Kaepernick, then Quarterback of the San Francisco 49ers, went to NFL games at the National anthem in protest at the time of 2016/17 at the national anthem of protest against police violence and racism. With his protest, Kaepernick triggered a movement, numerous players took over the gesture. Das sorgte für große Aufregung, US-Präsident Donald Trump attackierte die meist afroamerikanischen Football-Stars scharf. Kaepernick himself has been unconnected since March 2017 and has no longer denied NFL party. He accuses the clubs of not hiring him for political reasons.
Cook bankruptcy: Hotels receive money from insurance
Some banks should be dear to the bankruptcy of the travel provider Thomas Cook according to a press report. It threatens high depreciation on outstanding bonds and credits. Credit Suisse is also affected by this, writes the Financial Times in its issue of Friday.
Banks such as Barclays, Morgan Stanley, UniCredit or Credit Suisse would probably have to carry out a total depreciation of GBP 1.8 billion (approximately EUR 2 billion) on their books, according to the report. This would have shown estimates of the AlixPartner consulting firm.
In the US, for example, the US Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank have agreed to reduce their interest rates to zero, while the US Treasury and the Treasury have agreed to reduce their interest rates. The amounts actually to be written are more likely to lie at the upper end of the bandwidth, said an expert to the leaf.
In the end, the losses incurred by creditors will actually be demonstrated by the expiry of the insolvency proceedings. A person who is close to this procedure did not promise too much hope. For example, the approximately 40 aircraft by Thomas Cook in the United Kingdom are "old" and many of the real estate is in bad locations. The most money can probably be obtained from the sale of the airport slots and the Thomas Cook brand, it has been said.
Rackete is supposed to have brought alleged murderers to Italy.
The Sea-Watch captain Carola Rackete may have brought men to Italy who are to be tortured and killed in Libya. "We cannot rule out this, but we do not have any secure information about it," said the spokesman for the refugee organisation Sea-Watch, Ruben Neugebauer, the news agency dpa.
Other migrants would have recognized the three men in Italy. They are accused of being raped, tortured and killed in Libya. The alleged perpetrators were arrested in the reception camp in the Italian Messina. Newly stressed, the refugee organisations could not check who they left their ships. "The coming without passes".
Carola Rackete was illegally brought to the port of Lampedusa on 29 June, bringing a ship of the Italian financial police. The three suspects should also have arrived on the day. Gegen die Kapitänin laufen Ermittlungen wegen Beihilfe zu illegaler Einwanderung.
USA warnen Bundesregierung vor Huawei
The head of the US Internet Authority Federal Communications Commission (FCC), Ajit Pai, warned the Federal Government to trust the Chinese network supplier Huawei.
We believe that the risks are too large," said Pai the "trade leaf" with a view to building the new 5G mobile network.
China has a 'national security law', which obliges each company "under Chinese jurisprudence" to follow instructions from the security bodies.
The applicable law also prohibits companies from informing third parties about such requests," says the FCC chief. This is very difficult to have confidence in the integrity of technical equipment and services.
The Federal Government has now agreed to demand a declaration of trust from suppliers.
Berlin initially wants to try to control the risks, for example with technical solutions, reports the "trade leaf" in accordance with its own information.
Pai doubts that this is possible. The 5G technology is not only the hardware:
It is precisely the software that is important to keep the devices up to date. This software consists of billions of lines of program code that change over time," said Pai.
It was "very hard to imagine" that a government authority, "egal where, in a position, would be able to review each individual update in real time to track down security risks," the FCC chief continues.
Dem chinesischen Konzern Huawei wirft er enge Kontakte zum chinesischen Staatsapparat vor:
The ownership is opaque. The employee company, which is supposed to belong to the company, is not necessarily independent of the government," said Pai the "trade leaf".
The US had knowledge of the fact that government staff were placed within the company. Pai was recently for talks in Berlin to promote the US position.
Chemical factory in northern France burns: schools closed closed
At night, residents stop explosions. A gigantic fire wall illuminates the sky over a North-French chemical factory. The fire is deleted after hours - the clean-up could take days now.
After a fire in a chemical factory in the northern French town of Rouen on Thursday, schools and crèches remain closed in the region.
In twelve municipalities, the facilities would not be opened on Friday, shared the relevant prefecture. The Ministry of the Interior had called on the citizens to stay as far as possible in buildings and not to face up to smoke. There was no injury. Farmers and breeders have been called upon to bring their animals inside, whose feed to protect and to stop harvesting for the time being.
The fire was completely deleted on Thursday evening, as the prefecture told. There is still the risk that after the deletion there will be smell, the prefecture on Twitter. According to the prefecture, 240 firefighters as well as 90 policemen and gendarmen were in use.
A gigantic black smoke column had previously increased from the chemical factory. French media reported about huge flames and explosions in the factory of the Lubrizol company, the additive for oils. The production plant is located a few kilometres from the city centre.
The factory in Normandy belongs to the so-called Seveso category of dangerous sites, which are particularly monitored. In the Italian Seveso near Milan, there was a devastating accident in 1976.
The prefect of the Normandy region, Pierre-André Durand, said to the news channel Sender BFMTV, first of all not "high toxicity" in samples. However, pollution of the nearby Seine cannot be ruled out. In the river, dams were built against pollution, declared the prefecture.
The fire broke out in the early morning against 02.40 a.m. the authorities reported. The cause was initially unclear. Rouen is a regional metropolis and is located on the Seine between Paris and the port town of Le Havre.
French Finance Minister: 'Germany must invest and now' .
The French Economic and Finance Minister, Bruno Le Maire, has called on Germany to invest more in order to stimulate economic growth in the euro area.
Germany must invest, the sooner the better," said Le Maire at the presentation of the French budget for next year on Thursday evening.
The economy in the euro area is weak, warned the minister.
We must not wait until the economic situation is worsening to take the necessary decisions.
In the US, for example, the US Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank have agreed to reduce their interest rates to zero, while the US Treasury and the Treasury have agreed to reduce their interest rates.
France did not have these margins, the Minister added and referred to his country's high level of public debt. This is more than 98% of gross domestic product. The French public debt must be 'stabilised' and 'installed', said Le Maire.
From France, appeals have repeatedly come to Germany in recent years to make more public investment in order to stimulate the European economy. In return, German politicians have repeatedly called on France to get to grips with its budget deficit.
The French budget for 2020 presented on Thursday provides for tax relief from more than EUR nine billion for households.
In this way, the French Government is responding, among other things, to the protests of the Yellow Test Movement. The new debt is expected to fall to 2.2%, after expected 3.1% this year.
Is it trying to trick?: Johnson weicht Frage zu Brexit-Taktik aus
The British Prime Minister, Johnson, strongly criticises the 'capitulation law' adopted by Parliament.
Parliament is back, a law prescribes the British Prime Minister to avoid chaos-brexit. But critics fear that Boris Johnson could still use a loophole. However, the Tory politician differs from this possibility.
The British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, is concerned about whether he wants to enforce an unregulated Brexit, despite the law that has recently been decided by Parliament, which is intended to prevent it. On a corresponding question, Johnson only said to journalists that his government will abide by applicable law.
The law stipulates that the government must apply for a postponement of the withdrawal date if no agreement with the EU can be reached by mid-October. Johnson criticises this as a 'capitulation law', which makes negotiations with the EU more difficult.
The former British Prime Minister, John Major, said on Thursday that Johnson could try to use "political harassment" to circumvent the law. The Premier could use a ticket that shifts the entry into force of the law at the time after the EU's operation. Johnson said that he wants a treaty with the European Union. "We are confident to leave the EU on 31 October, and the best way is to reach an agreement.
Johnson's chief adviser Dominic Cummings said that he felt the political clashes about Brexit as "spike in the park" and became confident that the goal of the EU is still coming about: "We enjoy that, we will win, we will (Anm. d. Red.: from the EU, no concern," said Cummings of the British newspaper "Telegraph" according to a book presentation.
Cumming, who led the Brexit campaign "Vote Leave" during the election campaign before the EU referendum in 2016, now acts as head strategist in the British seat Downing Street. It is to be behind the uncompromising policy that has led to an almost impasse in the Premier.
"The Polaroid Diaries" by Linda McCartney
Jimi Hendrix, Bob Dylan or Janis Joplin - they all stood shoulder to shoulder with Linda McCartney, who has become one of the very big rock photographers. But it does not always have to be the big glamour. The photo book "The Polaroid Diaries" (bags) dives deeply into the very private world of the McCartney family.
Paul McCartney, who was married to her married to Lindas death in 1998, was visibly proud and touched when he presented the band "The Polaroid Diaries" in the Victoria and Albert Museum in London in mid-September. The illustrious guests also belonged to Ringo Starr, Stella McCartney, Olivia Harrison and Pretenders-Frontfrau Chrissie Hynde.
After the launch of the event, McCartney wrote at Instagram: "#ThePolaroidDiaries is a fleeting view of the life of an exceptional family from the time before dayram, a celebration of LindaMcCartney's legacy as a dedicated artist and the immediate magic of the Polaroid film.
At Linda McCartney, who studied art history at the University of Aizona, until she was found for photography, the camera was always present. Thousands of polaroids have made them, some hundred of them are now released in "The Polaroid Diaries" for the first time.
They are portraits, still life, landscapes, several hamsters, a sheep in the kitchen and other interiors from the early 1970s to the late 1990s. "You wanted real moments," writes the art critic Ekow Eshun in his preface. And, of course, there is always a focus on this: your husband Paul - as you may have never seen before.
As he dances with his daughter Mary on the shoulders, telephone in the bathrobe with a bag on his head or bears unshaped moonboots. Certainly, the McCartneys were an exceptional family, but they also conducted a normal life on their farm in southern England or in Scotland beyond the headlight. According to the BBC, Mary McCartney said that she had slept as a baby in a bed that had made her father from old potato boxes. And it was not always clear among the McCartneys.
Like hardly any other medium, the Poloraid camera captures the immediate moment. The recordings of Linda McCartney are certainly a kind of family diary, but they are much more than pure snapshots.
It is a question of clicking on: you have to recognize when a great photo happens before you. And then you have to knock it in the exact right moment," said Paul McCartney. "Knipst man two seconds later or two seconds earlier, it can be a completely different photo". And Linda had had the gift to always capture exactly the right moment. "You simply knew that she has it," said Paul in the Eshun-Essay.
The light, the composition, the image section and the colours, which "The Polaroid Diaries" not only make an entertaining picture book for Beatles fans, but also a great aesthetic pleasure, as well as all anecdotic pleasure, where landscapes work as abstract paintings. The perfect complement to the newly built Beatles album "Abbey Road", which was released exactly 50 years ago.
"We will continue to buy oil and gas from Iran"
Turkey, despite the US sanctions imposed against Iran, wants to continue to import oil and gas from neighbouring countries. The Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said in an interview published on Friday that Turkey cannot break the oil and gas imports from Iran.
We will continue to buy our natural gas from there," said Erdogan in New York, where he participated in the UN General Assembly.
However, Erdogan admitted that Turkey had problems importing Iranian oil, as some companies would have withdrawn from the US threats.
Nevertheless, Turkey will continue our relations with Iran, particularly on this issue and in many other issues,” said the Turkish President, who had repeatedly criticised the US sanctions against Iran in the past.
The US has been pursuing a policy of 'maximum pressure' against the Islamic Republic since its exit from the international nuclear agreement with Iran. According to the US, Iran is secretly following a nuclear program and is not in the agreement.
Their sanctions have led to the collapse of Iran's oil exports and serious economic crisis in Iran. In recent months, tensions in the Gulf region have exacerbated considerably.
US-Regierung will Aufnahme von Flüchtlingen einschränken
The US Government wants to drastically reduce the reception of refugees. The US Department of State declared on Thursday, the annual ceiling of a resettlement programme should be reduced from currently 30,000 to 18,000 refugees. This is in line with an average of 40 percent.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs said that the US would continue to be committed to supporting refugees. But the most important task is to protect US citizens and serve them. At present, the US immigration system is overloaded.
The US Government wants to focus in the future on the inclusion of two refugee groups: people persecuted for their faith - and Iraqis who have helped the US military in the country, thereby endangering the statement of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. On the other hand, a maximum of 1500 refugees are to be admitted from Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador.
In the 1980’s programme, refugees from UN leaders around the world will be selected and resettled in the United States. The ceiling of 18,000 refugees for the financial year 2020 would be the lowest in the history of the programme. Even the current ceiling of 30,000 is a low value. When the predecessor of US President Donald Trump, Barack Obama, left the White House, the number was barely 85,000.
Aid organisations reacted to the announced lowering of the ceiling. "This is a very sad day for America," said the head of the International Rescue Committee, David Miliband. The US would thus further damage its leadership in protecting the most vulnerable people in the world.
Trump is trying to limit immigration to the US – legally and illegally. According to its own data, the US Government is expecting 350,000 asylum applications for the next financial year. These figures are separated from the resettlement programme.
Donald Trump - "Kommt einem Spitzel nahe"
US President Donald Trump has accused reference to the whistleblower affair of spy days. Wer auch immer dem Informanten, der ihm Machtmissbrauch vorwerfe, entsprechende Hinweise zugeschanzt habe, "kommt einem Spitzel nahe", sagte Trump laut einer Aufzeichnung einer privaten Veranstaltung am Donnerstag in New York. Some US media agree on this.
Trump therefore spoke before American UN mission staff. When he was asked after the person who informed the whistleblower about controversial events in the White House, he replied: "This comes to a nitle". In the US, for example, the US Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank have agreed to reduce their interest rates by more than $1 trillion. right. The spies and betrayal, we used to deal with a little differently than we do now.
Observers regarded the latter comment on a possible reference to the death penalty. In the US, for example, the US Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank have agreed to reduce their interest rates to zero, while the US Treasury and the Treasury have agreed to reduce their interest rates. It is also an attempt to obstruct a congress examination of a possible suspension of office against him, the chairmen of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, secret services and supervision in the House of Representatives wrote.
The whistleblower accuses the President of having abused his office in order to seek interference by another country in the US election 2020. In the US, for example, the US Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank have agreed to reduce their interest rates to zero, while the US Treasury and the Treasury have agreed to reduce their interest rates to zero. Trump denies any misconduct.
It is still unclear who is both the whistleblower itself and its informers. However, as the New York Times reports, the whistleblower is to act by an analyst of the foreign secret service CIA.
Refugee boat crowned: baby and infants drown in Aegean.
Time and again, people who come from Turkey to Greece via the Aegean Sea are trying to come to Greece. The often far too small boats are regularly held. The sinking of a hoseboat has now killed seven migrants, including five children.
In front of the Greek island of Chios, seven migrants died during the sinking of a hoseboat. There is also a baby among the fatalities and four other children, reported the Greek coastguard. Four children, three women and five men were thus saved from the floods of the crew of a passing ferry.
Among the victims is also a lock, the local news portal of Chios, Alithia.gr. The migrants were left out of Turkey in the morning. They tried to reach the small archipelago inousses in the northeast of the island of Chios. Inousses lies between Chios and the Turkish mainland.
It is not known from which countries the migrants come from. At present, hundreds of migrants from Turkey are over the Greek islands in the east of the Aegean, mostly in far too small boats. Last year, on this route, according to the United Nations Refugee Fund (UNHCR), 174 people died.
The Who breaks concert.
A U.S. concert of the rock band The Who has come to an end because of an inadmissibility of lead singer Roger Daltrey. In the middle of the performance on Wednesday evening (place time) in Houston, his voice failed. At the eighth song Daltrey said to the audience: "I think I should leave it as long as it is running".
Lead guitarist Pete Townsend asked for apology and supplemented, Daltrey could "do not speak really". Townsend promised the audience to get his money's worth in a reparation concert. However, an appointment has not yet been fixed.
The Who said that for Friday in Dallas and for Sunday in Denver. They are to be picked up at a later date. The 75-year-old Daltrey and his 74-year-old band colleague Townsend are the only remaining founding members. The British cult band was formed 55 years ago.
Anmietung plötzlich eingestellt: WeWork lässt Immobilienmärkte zittern
WeWork has become the largest office in New York.
Within a few years, WeWork is increasing from the small startup to the driving force on the most expensive real estate markets in the world. But now the company is in crisis. Lessee must fear billions of revenue.
The crisis in the office manager WeWork threatens to disrupt the balance in the world’s largest real estate markets. A few days ago, the company dismissed founder Adam Neumann as boss, postponed the planned stock exchange and started selling subsidiaries and values such as the private jet for the executives to win financial room for the coming weeks and months. In addition, the British "Financial Times", WeWork has stopped the conclusion of new rentals with immediate effect. For example, in New York and London, the largest tenant of office space suddenly is from the market.
WeWork rented large office areas in the long term and rented them in the short term in partially small units to members. This can be individual freelance professionals, small startups or whole departments of large corporations. So far, WeWork burns money at breathtaking speed with this business. Last year, the company received a loss of $1.6 billion, with a turnover of $1.8 billion. This year, the rental costs are to have increased by the rental of ever-increasing large areas to an estimated 2.5 billion dollars. In order to limit the loss, the new corporate governance should now have drawn the emergency brake and stopped the renting of new areas with immediate effect.
According to the Financial Times, WeWork has now completed rental contracts with maturity of up to 15 years, from which commitments from more than $40 billion arise. These huge liabilities could not only become a problem for the company itself and its investors, but for whole real estate markets.
According to the economist Dan Alpert of Cornell Law School in New York, WeWork hired in Manhatten, one of the most expensive real estate markets in the world, in the past 24 months just under 300,000 square metres of office space. WeWork’s new contracts alone ensured that demand for offices in New York was greater than the land that came onto the market at that time. Without WeWorks expansion, the office level in the US metropolis would have increased at this time, as Alpert wrote in the "Business Insider". It looks similar in London where WeWork now operates several dozen office locations in the best location.
In the British capital, too, the balance in the real estate market could be felt in a tangible way without further expansion of the aggressive startup. Among other things, weWork is the main bearer, in a office house purchased in the centre of the financial metropolis last year by the Sparkassen-Fondsan provider Deka for almost EUR 100 million.
Many landlords have rebuilt their real estate for WeWork's requirements with high investments. In the US, for example, the US Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank have agreed to reduce their interest rates to zero, while the US Treasury and the Treasury have agreed to reduce their interest rates. WeWork's reserves are not accessible to the reserves of WeWork, which are already scarce. The rental of the individual locations of WeWork is usually carried out by extra-founded subsidiaries, so-called Special Purpose Vehicles, for which the parent company is only liable in narrow limits.
Russia has once again adopted numerous North Korean fishermen.
The Russian coastguard has once again taken action against North Korean fishermen. In the past few days, a further 262 poachers have been arrested, which would have been illegally fished in the waters, and the Russian domestic secret service, FSB, announced the agency Interfax on Friday.
Only ten days ago, 161 fishermen from North Korea were arrested. Previously, the border guards were shot and three of them were injured. This time there were no injured, it was said. The communist North Korea suffers from chronic food shortages.
The North Korean fishermen were therefore on the road to Russian territorial waters. In the US, for example, the US Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank have agreed to reduce their interest rates to zero, while the US Treasury and the Treasury have agreed to reduce their interest rates. 30 000 ink fish were discovered in the renewed controls. In addition, according to three fishing and two motorboats, the information was confiscated and brought after postgraduate and Posjet at Vladiwostok. In the US, for example, the US Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank have agreed to reduce their interest rates to zero, while the US Treasury and the Treasury have agreed to reduce their interest rates.
The Russian fisheries authority has also issued no fishing licences to the North Koreans after complaints of local entrepreneurs. Thousands of fishermen from North Korea have already been arrested temporarily in 2019 in 2019.
The head of the Association of Russian Fisheries Companies in the Far East region of Primorje, Georgi Martynow, also complained recently about high ecological damage caused by North Korean fishermen. They fished in Russia for banned narrow-meshed synthetic networks. These would also bring small living creatures out of the sea. In addition, the networks would simply be disposed of in the sea where they would need 200 years to be dismantled. Even the ships themselves do not correspond to the hygienic and technical rules.
According to Moscow, three members of the Russian coastguard had been injured in the arrests in the previous week. According to the FSB, an equally wounded North Korean died later on his injuries. On 17 September, Russian border guards first set a North Korean boat and then a second after it had opened the fire.
The US is imposing an entry ban on ex-President Castro
The US has imposed on the former Cuban President Raúl Castro and his children on entry bans. The American Ministry of Foreign Affairs founded this in a communication on Thursday with Castro's participation in "big violations of human rights". As head of the Communist Party of the Caribbean State, he is facing a system in which thousands of Cubans were arbitrarily arrested and there were more than 100 political prisoners.
As chairman of the armed forces, the brother of the deceased revolutionary leader Fidel Castro is also complicit in human rights violations there by the support of the President of Venezuela, Nicolás Maduro. "The disregard for human rights and the use of violence by the Cuban regime to support the former Maduro regime is responsible for the more external crises in Cuba and Venezuela," twittered the American Foreign Minister Mike Pompeo.
President Donald Trump was on Wednesday’s ban on traveling against members of the Venezuelan Government and the military. In Venezuela, a bitter power struggle has been raging between the government and the opposition for months. The US has imposed a whole series of sanctions against Maduros’ government in order to bring it to its knees and to help the opposition leader and self-proclaimed interim president Juan Guaidó to power.
Cuba is considered to be one of Maduros' closest allies. The socialist Caribbean island receives oil from Venezuela in exchange for the services posted doctors. According to the US and the Venezuelan opposition, Cuba has also sent numerous intelligence agents to Venezuela to help the government suppress government opponents.
New climate protests by Fridays for Future
A week after the largest international climate protests to date, thousands of people today want to go to the streets for more climate protection.
At the end of an international climate strike week, Fridays for Future is planning again actions and demonstrations in dozens of countries worldwide. The beginning should be due to New Zealand and Australia due to the postponement of time before the protests about Europe move to North America. There, climate activist Greta Thunberg wanted to take part in a major rally in the Canadian Montreal. The demonstrators wanted to gather even before the White House in Washington.
It is relatively unclear how great the global support for this Friday will be after the record participation of the previous week. Thunberg himself was good things. "Let Friday, over four million people have been stranded for the climate. This Friday we will make it again!" she wrote on Twitter. Until now, there have been 6383 actions in 170 countries in the context of the strike week.
Particularly in Germany, the last Friday was very large. A good third of all global demonstrators - around 1.4 million - were estimated to have participated in the protests by Fridays for Future in 575 German cities. This time, according to the movement, demonstrations are planned in at least 65 cities. Among them in metropolises such as Berlin, Hamburg, Munich and Cologne, but also in smaller municipalities and cities such as Jüchen in North Rhine-Westphalia or Westerland on Sylt, people want to go to the streets for the climate.
At the age of 15 at the age of 15, Thunberg was set before the Swedish Parliament in August 2018 to call on her country's politicians to make greater use of climate protection. The Fridays-for-Future movement was created in a short space of time. Students and students are mainly involved in the climate protests, but increasingly scientists and other adults.
Together, they demand more ambition from politics in the fight against the heater and the threat of climate catastrophe. In particular, in accordance with the Paris climate agreement, global warming must be reduced to less than 1.5 degrees compared to pre-industrial time.
Thunberg arrived just under a month after a two-week Transatlantic Törn with a deep-sea racing yacht in New York. It was last attended by climate protests and summits of the United Nations. On Monday, she made an emotional speech at the UN in which she urged the world's Heads of State or Government to conscientiously. In her home, Stockholm, she was granted to her commitment for more climate protection of the Alternative Nobel Prize of the Right Livelihood Foundation on Wednesday.
Russia bans smoking on the balcony
The people of Russia must no longer smoke on the balcony in the future. This provides for a change in fire protection. "This also applies to smoking," said a spokesman of the emergency Ministry on Thursday in Moscow to the agency Tass. The ban will enter into force on 1 October.
However, anyone who smokes must expect a fine of 3,000 rubles (42.46 euros). If the cigarettes were to cause a fire, the penalty is higher. According to the ban, the ministry is the same as burning candles. Fill in meat sauces on the balcony is no longer allowed.
The blow against cybercrime - investigators lifted servers out.
In the fight against crimes on the Internet, German investigators for the first time have removed a large server provider for illegal transactions in the Darknet.
A total of 13 perpetrators suspect that the operator of a data center in a former NATO bunker in Traben-Trarbach was hosted by the Moselle on the Moselle.
This shared the Attorney General in Koblenz. Seven Tatver suspects were arrested on Thursday evening at a major action. The Darknet is a shielded part of the Internet.
In the spring, customers of the suspects should have been the operators of the world's second-largest Darknet marketplace for drugs, "Wall Street Market". According to the Attorney General, the attack on 1.25 million telecom routers at the end of November 2016 was also controlled by a server in cyberbunker.
Such a host for the first time had been lifted in Germany, it was said. A webhoster provides the infrastructure for an Internet presence.
When accessing the access, there were searches in Germany and neighbouring countries. It has been the result of almost five years of investigation. At lunch, the investigators want to find out more details.
New global climate protests by Fridays for Future
A week after the largest international climate protests to date, thousands of people today want to go to the streets for more climate protection.
At the end of an international climate strike week, Fridays for Future has again planned actions and demonstrations in dozens of countries worldwide.
In Germany, protests are planned in at least 65 cities, including in metropolises such as Berlin, Hamburg, Munich and Cologne, but also in smaller municipalities and cities such as Jüchen in North Rhine-Westphalia or Westerland on Sylt. Climate activist Greta Thunberg wants to participate in a major rally in the Canadian Montreal.
Climate protests い Who are actually Thunberg's backmen?
Justice and courage are high virtues, including in the 21st century, in a world full of war and smoke factories that warm up the climate. It is all the more astonishing that a 16-year-old girl keeps the power of this time the mirror before the nose. But what is behind it? Is it helpful or wise marketing of a climate activist? Historical masterpiece or manipulative tactic about its own sake?
On the one hand, Greta Thunberg puts the masses in motion and brings young people to stand up for better climate-friendly world. It is historically not the first time in Europe that a young person manages to gain a collection of children and adolescents. Already in 1212 a child named Nikolaus made himself out of Cologne to stand up for a fairer world. At that time, it could also have won a sharpness of young people and persuaded the sea to cross the sea in order to reach the promised country, similar to Greta Thunberg recently on the journey to America, with a sailboat.
But is there a shadow side in this respect? Why does it need an share called "We don't have time" to save the world? In addition, Greta Thunberg has rich PR managers on their side. By the way, her mother has published a book that has sold far-reaching, thanks to the daughter in the spotlight. Even old-fashioned follower from Greta Thunberg was a little indignant about the last PR show, or the journey by boat was probably also a few successors. This is not unfounded either, because the action came very well in the media worldwide and it flows a lot of money thanks to the imposing action.
Here are the ghosts that are now divorced: is it morally right to enrich the world with the rest of the world? Is it still authentic when certain categories of people work together during the world rescue campaign with stock exchange brokers? Whatever its position is, a critical and reflective point of view is always more important in a democratic society, because democracy lives from different opinions and discussions. Therefore, it may well make sense to question pious projects of certain trendsetters critically.
Comet discovered: Interstellar guest crosses through our solar system
A foreign comet crosses our solar system at the moment.
The assumptions of astronomers have confirmed: a foreign comet crosses our solar system at the moment - it is only the second of its kind.
Garching/Washington - Lange has only suspected the researchers, but now they have certainty: a comet of another star crosses our solar system at the moment. He was baptized and employs astronomers around the world after his explorer.
2I/Borisov: Comet was discovered by Amateurastronomen on Crimea
The said body was discovered by an amateur astronomer called Gennadi Borissow on the Crimea. He looked at the sky with a self-built telescope and further night observations confirmed his first suspicion. It is indeed an unknown comet that does not come from our solar system. It is only the second of its kind that was sighted during the flight.
The great opportunity for astronomers is now to have insights into a foreign solar system. Apparently, the comet resembles those of our own system, as reported by the astrophysical institute of the Canary Islands. According to the International astronomical Union (IAC), the comet is clearly interstellar origin and is currently moving on a so-called hyperbel railway that leads it out of our system.
Comet has already been seen before arrival - and can be observed several months.
But before it is so far, astronomers can observe it in detail. In contrast to his predecessor, 2I/Borisov has already been sighted in his approach, which means that he can be investigated for many months by the Earth. "The object will reach the largest brightness in mid-December and will then be seen until April 2020 with medium-sized telescopes," explains Davide Farnocchia from the US Space Agency Nasa. "Danach will only be observed with larger, professional telescopes until October 2020".
The predecessor of the new visitor: 1I/2017 U1 "Oumuamua".
Erste Erkenntnisse über Komet 2I/Borisov wecken Hoffnungen in der Wissenschaft
According to the first findings, the comet is estimated at 2 to 16 kilometres of diameter. At the same time, the celestial body seems to be similar to our comets - because, as the IAC researcher Julia de León expresses, the spectrum of swelling star is similar. This observation suggests that comets in other solar systems could form similar processes as in our Amended León, Javier Licandro.
However, the observation goes beyond individual knowledge. The fact that two such objects have already been discovered within two years may be allowed to create a new way to research certain processes in other solar systems.
Time and again, Asteroids employ researchers. Only recently, a giant asteroid passed on the earth and was dangerously close to it.
"Absolut reprehensible": Rachel Johnson appalled by brother.
In order to Boris Johnson it becomes lonely. Only leaves his younger brother the cabinet, now his sister scourges with clear words the warring language of the premier as "tasteless". It is not the brother that they know.
"Capitulation", "Betrug", Treaty": Prime Minister Boris Johnson is under pressure and is continuing to equate - at least verbally. During Question Time in the House of Commons on this Wednesday, this came to massive indignation at the opposition, and now further critics have spoken: dozens of bishops and his own sister Rachel Johnson.
The well-known journalist and author said to the Sender Sky News that her brother should use words such as capitulation, as if the opponents of an EU-Austria were to be dragged, dragged, divided, praised and fished. They consider this to be extremely reprehensible. They do not see the version of their brother again, said Rachel Johnsons, who was in the elections to the European Parliament for the Anti-Brexit Party "Change UK".
In the US, for example, it is estimated that more than half of the world’s population lives in rural areas, and that more than half of the world’s population lives in rural areas. Their memory could best be honoured by going through the Brexit, Boris Johnson said in the House of Commons. "It is very tasteless to refer to a Member who was murdered by someone who called 'Britain first'', criticised Johnson's sister. The perpetrator has obviously come out of the extreme right-wing camp, which is reinforced by this type of language. The staff were very friendly and helpful.
The widow of Cox also criticized the Prime Minister. "It makes me sick when Jos's name is used," he shittered. The best way to honour them is if you are passionate and determined for what you believe - whatever you think. But never should you demonize the other side. He also complained that an atmosphere was created in which attacks were more likely.
Only a few weeks ago, Boris Johnson laid down his post as Secretary of State and his mandate as a Tory MEP. "I was torn over in recent months between loyalty to the family and the national interest - it is an inextricable tension," explained Jo Johnson the step.
Johnson's language also met in sharp critique in the church. As the "Times" reports, all 118 bishops and archbishops of the Church of England are criticizing the language that "this country is not worthy". In a common statement, they declared: 'In the last few days, the language, both in debates and outside Parliament, has not been acceptable. We should talk with respect.
Shakira and Jennifer Lopez stand up at the Super Bowl.
The NFL is a strong sign of its 100-year-old existence: two women with Latino roots occur in the mid-term show of the upcoming Super Bowl. The promise "a explosion of fun and energy".
Latina-Power at the Super Bowl: The Superstars Shakira (42) and Jennifer Lopez (50) will deliver the mid-term show at the upcoming final of the US football league NFL. The organizers announced this on Thursday (place time).
"I feel unbelievably honoured and humble to represent the Latino community alongside JLo. This has an incredible strength in the United States," Shakira said in a video.
The final of the American Football League, which celebrates its 100th birthday next year, will take place on 2 February in Miami. In the metropolis on the southern tip of Florida, many people live with Latin American roots. Shakira ("Waka Waka") comes from Colombia, Lopez ("On the Floor") is puerto-rican origin.
"I love that the Super Bowl will put two women on stage this time - and two Latinas," Lopez said. This sends an important message to all Americans and the world. She promises to the show "a explosion of fun and energy".
The 50-year-old was born in New York after her parents emigrated from Puerto Rico. In the 2000s she landed with songs like "Waiting For Tonight" or "Let's Get Loud" and later released songs in Spanish. Lopez also works as an actress and can be seen in the drama "Hustler" in German cinemas from November onwards.
Shakira became known in Colombia as a star of a telenovela and singer. She created her worldwide breakthrough with her first bilingual album and the single "Whenever, Whereever".
The announcement of the mid-term guests is eagerly awaited in the United States every time. This year, many people also regard the selection as political gestures. After all, the country, not least by President Donald Trump’s immigration policy, is deeply divided.
The Super Bowl is the largest US sporting event and at the same time a gigantic advertising spectacle. Musicians like Justin Timberlake, Beyoncé, Lady Gaga, Katy Perry, Madonna, Bruno Mars and the Rolling Stones ensured Furore. As a rule, at the NFL finals, more than 100 million television spectators have a lot to look at, and it is also extremely popular in Germany.
Last year, there was political controversy in the run-up to this. The reason was the dispute over the Quarterback Colin Kaepernick, who had refused to speak against blacks in protest against police violence, to rise to the national anthem and, among other things, had been hit hard by US President Donald Trump. Out of solidarity with Kaepernick, some musicians had rejected a super-bowl appearance - including Rihanna and Pink. The fact that the rock group Maroon 5 appeared was ultimately criticised by many.
An actor and Youtuber put Egypt's rulers: for the time being Mohamed Ali remains abroad.
The two men who have influence as to whether blood flows back on Egypt's streets have both spent abroad abroad. One of both floated on Friday again at Cairo Airport. President Abdelfattah al-Sisi returned from the UN General Assembly. The former General, who suspended the Muslim Brother Mohammed Mursi, the first freely elected Head of State in the country in 2013, had spent a pleasant time in New York: US President Donald Trump praised Sisis’s action against political Islam, not lost a syllable about human rights violations in the Nile - in a week in which Egypt’s security forces detained hundreds of people because they had dared to protest against the president. He has "no reason to concern," said Sisi at the airport in the microphones of the state television. "The Egyptians cannot be misleading".
In the opinion of the President of the other man, who is currently determining what is happening on the streets. Mohamed Ali, of course, remained abroad, where he escaped the access of the security forces that would immediately arrest him if he tried to enter Egyptian soil. Vor Wochen war der 45-Jährige als Schauspieler nur einer Minderheit der Ägypter bekannt. Today, he is the leading voice that dominates the political discourse in the cafés, the living rooms and tea rooms of the country: with his Youtube channel "Mohamed's secrets" Ali calls his compatriots to rise to Sisi.
He goes directly to the Head of State and in a very rustic language. While the people are hungry, squeezing the President in luxury and are breaking magnificent new palaces, it is said. The army leadership, based on the Sisi its rule, is presenting corruption and enrichment. Because in his second profession as a builder, he made business for 15 years with precisely these men, he seems to know quite exactly what he is talking about - at least that is the impression of many Egyptians, as the almost exploding click figures show.
After last week, for the first time since Sisis Griff had demonstrated against his domination after power, and almost 2000 citizens, including prominent figures of civil society, human rights lawyers and opposition politicians, had arrested, Ali called for a 'millions march' for this Friday. The fact that so many people would really dare on the streets was unlikely. But there came to isolated smaller protests, for example in Giseh near Cairo and in the village of Kina near Luxor. Videos in social media showed protests whose participants accused Al-Sisi corruption and demanded his departure. In these protests, the police also set up tear gas and rubber shells. These videos could not be verified independently. It was said from security circles that the police brought the protests to an end.
The city of Mansura in the Nildelta, where demonstrators missed banners with the portrait of the president in pieces last week, was reported on Friday massive police presence. The security forces set up checkpoints in the city and the drop-down roads. In Cairo several underground stations in the city centre were closed due to " maintenance work", most of the roads around the Tahrirplatz, the heart of the 2011 revolution were blocked. And, on the Rabaa Square, where in 2013, he was pledged by the crashed Muslim Brother Mursi until the army took it under fire and killed up to 800 people, a different measure should prevent dissatisfaction from gathering: Sisis’s future party wanted to hold a major demonstration for the president.
Mohamed Ali prompted these precautions to change his tactic: "Our goal must not be the Tahrirplatz," said Ali in Barcelona in his video camera. "Let us not come together with police officers'. However, as a backlash, this is not to be understood: 'Every Egypt is the Tahrirplatz'.
Wenn der Provider zu viel Leistung verspricht
If the Internet connection always appears much slower than the provider, there are various test options.
Anyone who concludes an Internet contract does not need to blindly trust the speed information of the providers. Customers can verify themselves how much of it is actually achieved in the event of emergencies.
Finally, the above-mentioned transmission rates are a treaty component and should therefore also be achieved, and the Bavaria consumer centre is declaring.
If the connection is always much slower than the provider advertised, there are various test possibilities. For example, the Messtools of the Federal Network Agency (BetzA) measure the actual data transmission rates and compare them with the rate agreed in the contract.
"The tests of the providers, however, are carried out according to specific requirements and are therefore not uniform and objectively calculated," the consumer headquarters of Bavaria consider on their side.
If the connection is much slower than announced, customers can set a reasonable period of time to the supplier for 14 days in order to produce the promised performance. The best way to do this is by letter of entry.
If there is nothing to do with multiple request, customers may terminate and may also demand compensation. However, with the lack of success, only the complaint is help.
First senior Republicans for investigation
As the first senior Republican, the governor of Vermont was in favour of an impeccination of US President Donald Trump. "I think the investigation is important, yes, and where this is led from here, is determined by the facts that are found," said Phil Scott at a press conference on Thursday. He wants to know more about the whistleblower affair before taking action - an impeccination procedure can lead to the removal of the President.
Scott said that he was not surprised by revelations that Trump repeatedly called on the Ukrainian President Wolodymyr Selenskyj to investigate interventions of democratic presidential competitor and former Vice-President Joe Biden in Ukraine. Trump watched bidens for years.
Republikaner haben sich bislang mit Kritik an Trump wegen der Whistleblower-Affäre zurückgehalten; wenige haben Unbehagen deswegen erkennen lassen. Scotts Äußerungen sind ein erstes Anzeichen dafür in Trumps Partei. Scott, a moderate Republican, has already approached Trump’s policy several times, such as the easing of environmental legislation and the tightening of immigration rules.
Spider-man remains in the MCU: further Marvel film planned.
It was a shock for all Spider-Man fans: at the end of August, it became known that Sony and Marvel will go separate paths in the future. Tom Hollands Spider-Man would therefore no longer be part of the "Avengers" universe. It was completely unclear how to proceed with the films by Tom Holland.
Now the surprise: Spider-Man receives after "Spider-Man: Homecoming" and "Spider-Man: Far From Home" another final third film within the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). Some US media agree on this. In the United States, the film is expected to start from 16 July 2021.
In the magazine "Screenrant" Marvel-Boos Kevin Feige is quoted: "I am pleased that Spidey's way is continued in the MCU. I and all of the Marvel studios are delighted that we can continue to work on it ... He is the only superhero with the ability to play in various universes, as Sony continues to work on his spidey heel. We never know what the future will bring".
But what about the sudden good news? Sony Marvel is supposed to have made an offer. According to industry magazines, the Disney Group, which also includes Marvel, would participate in the revenue of upcoming donors-man films. However, the message is not confirmed.
Souchin Meghan and Prince Harry dive in the "Suits" final.
After nine seasons, the "Suits" series in the USA has now reached the big finals. In the last episode there were many Happy Ends and as many Cameo appearances. And also the royal couple of Prince Harry (35) and his Afghan (38), which had a lot to play in the series for many years, was a charming tribute. Attention, the following sections contain spoiler for serial finals.
One anticipation: Herzogin Meghan did not return to a last farewell greetings as Rachel Zane in the final, at least not for new scenes. Instead, some review showed once again the most memorable scenes with today's duke. For example, the moments of failed and the successful wedding with Mike or how they welcomed him after his imprisoned prison sentence.
But their real husband, Prince Harry, was also mentioned in the "Suits" final in passing, of course in a wedding scene. When Louis Litt (Rick Hoffman, 49) is just moving towards Altar to marry his fiancé Sheila (Rachael Harris, 51) Harvey Specter (Gabriel Power, 47) makes a telling comment about his suitability. Whether he has actually thrown a dirt over, the dirted Harvey wants to know from the bridegroom, only to be sniffing: "Louis, you are not the prince of England".
Aegean: Baby and four other children drown at boat accident ...
At the heart of a refugee boat in the Aegean, a baby and four other children drowned. In total, seven people died in the accident, as the Greek coastguard announced on Friday. The nationalities are still unclear.
The boat sank near the Greek island of Inousses, located between the island of Chios and the Turkish mainland. Four children, three women and five men could be saved.
At present, hundreds of migrants from Turkey are over the Greek islands in the east of the Aegean. Last year, on this route, according to the United Nations Refugee Fund (UNHCR), 174 people died. Federal Minister Horst Seehofer has now announced to visit both countries.
Together with his French colleague and the relevant EU Commissioner, he wanted to 'inform' to Turkey, as is the refugee situation," said Seehofer on Friday. He then wanted to learn more about the "administrative problems of the Greeks" in Athens in order to help deal with them.
On Friday, a spokesman for the EU Commission confirmed the planned visit by Seehofers with the EU Commissioner Dimitris Avramopoulos and France's Minister for the Interior Christophe Castaner.
In Greece, there are still unusually many migrants coming from Turkey. On Tuesday, 654 people were transferred to the Greek islands, it was said by the Greek Civil Protection Ministry on Wednesday.
Does Turkey still function?
The increased figures last had doubts about the functioning of the EU-Turkey agreement concluded in 2016. This provides that the EU can send back all refugees and migrants who come to the Greek islands illegally via Turkey. In return, the EU wanted to include a Syrian refugee from Turkey for every deported Syrian.
However, the processing of asylum applications is progressing laboriously on the Greek side due to a lack of human resources. According to the Ministry of Civil Protection, there are almost 29 400 people on Lesbos, Chios, Samos, Leros and Kos. The worst is the situation in Lesbos: in one camp with capacities for 650 people, 5200 migrations are currently housed.
Never before since the entry into force of the EU-Turkey Refugee Pact in March 2016 have it been so many, reported on the state broadcasting.
Climate change: heat leads to more heart attacks.
According to medicine, climate change will be put to the test in the future. The climate changes are "greatly safe" one of the greatest challenges for the health system in the next 20 to 50 years, said Andreas Zeiher, President of the German Society for Cardiology. Especially the cardiovascular system made high temperatures and large temperature jumps created within a short period of time and led to more heart attacks. Especially people with cardiovascular diseases, older people and diabetics are affected.
Green politician must answer for embarrassing photoanne
The head of the Canadian Greens, Elizabeth May, in the election campaign - was the cup manipulated for this reason?
The Canadian Green chief holds a multi-way cup in a photo. But now came out: the cup was manipulated.
Ottawa/Kanada - It's quite a long time left - and finally noticed. Elizabeth May, the head of the Canadian Greens, has never kept the reusable coffee cup with metal straw. On the party's website she was to be seen on a photo with this cup, in conversation with citizens. However, the photo was previously published and has also been disseminated to the media - and there was the cup still a sned (Papp) cups, as the Canadian National Post reported.
In the US, for example, the Federal Reserve and the Treasury are the most important central banks in the world.
The National Post was then manipulating manipulation and that the Fake News party produced more credible on the subject of environmental protection. And this in the midst of an election campaign to the House of Commons, in which it is also increasingly difficult for trudeau due to a bribery scandal.
The photo went to the social media viral and filed the discussion about Fake News. A user shares a confrontation of the photos and writes: "The Greens manipulate a photo of their chairmen to conceal their disposable cups".
May was shocked and encouraged on her blog, not known from this action. To underline this, it posed the original: you, in conversation with citizens, a cup in hand. However, she was right, be out of bamboo. She always has him. A party spokesman said that it was only a matter of accommodating the partogo in the picture, and not of concealing something. From the photo there is only a section on the website.
May writes that it is suffering from the staff who have done so. "I don't want to describe him as stupid, but there was nothing to hide," she says in relation to the Guardianund hebat himself at the same time a little bit of her over-agged team: "If she doesn't want to edit an image, she couldn't do what with my face, so I look younger?'
The German Greens are also found because of their use of disposable plastic or on air travel in Shitstorms - but their images were not photographed. For example, the head of the Bavarian Greens, Katharina Schulze, reported ice with plastic spoons on holiday, such as merkur.de*.
Influencerin will Gratis-Upgrade: Lebenslanges Flugverbot bei Cathay
It is said that Jaqueline Ng has been assured by Cathay Pacific. But when she asked for check-in, she was not allowed to abide - and she should never fly again with Cathay.
Spontaneous an upgrade for Business Class - there are many passengers dream of. Sometimes they are lucky, and the staff at check-in offer a change from Economy Class free of charge.
This case, however, shows how you should not do it: a self-defined influencerin has actively asked the airline Cathay Pacific for a free upgrade. On dayram Jaqueline Ng follows more than 65,000 users. On May 30, she was resigned from Taiwan to New York and on 7 June.
On the return, the staff Jaqueline refused to upgrade, although they presented an e-mail in which their Cathay Pacific allegedly promised to upgrade. The writing wants to have received the influenzacer from a marketing employee of the airline. The airline, on the other hand, accuses Jaqueline of having falsified the mail.
In fact, Jaqueline tried again on the return flight, an upgrade for the long-haul flight. This time the woman should have shown the same mail, but with another reference number. The staff at the JFK airport were sceptical: they hired at the head office. And, in fact, the employee from whom the mail is supposed to come has denied the mail contact with Jaqueline. This also confirmed the mails system in which the messages did not appear.
The airline staff at the airport cancelled Jaquelines Ticket and imposed a lifelong ban on flights with Cathay Pacific. For 1,400 US dollars (approximately 1.280 Euro) it had to buy a new flight leap to Taiwan.
In her case, influenza turned to Elliot Advocacy, a company representing consumer interests. For Cathay had reimbursed the prize for her original ticket, but Jaqueline also called back the cost of the new ticket.
But as long as Jaqueline does not submit the metadata of the mail, the case remains clear: for Cathay, influenza has committed fraud, it remains locked for future flights. The airline's terms and conditions also state that they do not have to pay the new flight. Jaqueline doesn't want to be satisfied with this - and now switches a lawyer.
Oil prices give the report on ceasefire in Yemen.
Oil prices have fallen by more than one dollar in the shortest possible time on Friday morning. Finally, a barrel (159 litres) of the North Sea variety of Brent 61.83 of the U.S. dollars - about 1.4 percent less than the previous day. The price of a barrel of the American variety of West Texas Intermediate (WTI) fell by 1.3 percent to 55.77 dollars.
A report by the Wall Street Journals on a ceasefire in Yemen was triggered for the course slide. Saudi Arabia is supposed to have agreed to a ceasefire in four areas.
A drone attack on oil plants in Saudi Arabia had brought five percent of global oil production to a standstill in mid-September. The Huthi rebels, allied with Iran in the civil war, Yemen, had complained to the attacks. Saudi Arabia, like the US administration, is responsible for Iran. A ceasefire would defuse the political tension in the region.
If an agreement is actually reached, it is possible to focus on growth and demand for demand, said Ole Hansen, head of the raw materials strategy department at Saxo Bank of the news agency Bloomberg.
The oil prices are continuing their downward movement of recent days. A week ago, a barrel WTI oil had already cost to almost 59 dollars, Brent almost 65 dollars.
In the US, for example, the US Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank have agreed to reduce their interest rates to zero, while the US Treasury and the Treasury have agreed to reduce their interest rates. So the amount of production has again reached a volume of eight million barrels per day and is moving again towards the original quantity.
Finally, there have been several press releases on the basis of insiders who report on rapid advances in the state oil company Saudi Aramco in the repair work. But raw materials experts point out that Saudi Aramco is currently planning an stock exchange plan and avoiding negative headlines.
At the same time, some relaxation in the conflict between Iran and Western countries was indicated: the British oil tanker "Stena Impero" is more than two months after Iran's fixing and the recent release on the way to leaving the port. Reedareef Erik Hånell participated in the Swedish radio on Friday morning in an SMS.
However, the US announced that defensive missiles and soldiers would be relocated to the Iranian Arch enemy to Saudi Arabia. The fear of an escalation between the Islamic Republic and countries such as the US and the United Kingdom has temporarily increased oil prices in recent weeks.
Vorwürfe gegen Trump verschärfen sich
In the US, for example, the US Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank have agreed to reduce their interest rates to zero, while the US Treasury and the Treasury have agreed to reduce their interest rates. In the US, for example, the US Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank have agreed to reduce their interest rates to zero, while the US Treasury and the Treasury have agreed to reduce their interest rates. This explained an anonymous notice. The spokesman of the House of Representatives, the Democrat Nancy Pelosi, explicitly accused the White House of "confirmation". Trump spoke of a 'hexer hunt'.
Nordkorea hält dritten Gipfel von Trump und Kim für fraglich
North Korea has raised doubts that it will soon come to a third summit of Machthaber Kim Jong-un and US President Donald Trump in the nuclear dispute. The purpose and prospects of success of such a meeting are questionable because of a lack of progress in the implementation of agreements of the first summit in Singapore, as Mr Kye-gwan said on Friday, according to the KCNA agency.
So far, the United States has not done so to implement the decisions of the summit in the previous year, said the North Korean Ministry of Foreign Affairs. He also criticized exacerbated US sanctions and the US and South Korea’s joint military manoeuvres. He hope, however, of a 'only' and 'mustful' decision, so that there can be a rapprochement again.
Trump said on Monday that he wanted to know what a third summit with Kim should bring before he was prepared to do so. The negotiations on disarmament of the North Korean nuclear and missile program have stalled in Hanoi since the failed second summit of Trump and Kim in February. In June, both met in the demilitarised zone between the two Korean states. They agreed to revitalise the deliberations, but so far without great success.
Prince Harry: Arms manufacturer should help with mine clearance.
With a blue cluster protection waistcoat, the British Prince Harry was symbolically ignoring and destroying a explosive mine in Angola. Close to a camp of the British Halo Trusts in the place Dirico he made the ignition circle. In a safe distance, the explosive body exploded. With a view to the goal of getting Angola free of mining up to 2025, he later called for current TV cameras: "I call on all the countries whose names are on these weapons, but which did not help at the time of the while to commit themselves to help".
Pfund unter Druck - Zinssenkung erwartet
British pounds under pressure
In the face of an early reduction in interest rates, the pound is losing value compared to the euro.
Frankfurt Speculation on an early reduction in the Bank of England (BoE) is increasing the pound sterling. The British currency was buried on Friday by up to 0.4 percent to 1.2269 dollars.
The sales were triggered by the central banker Michael Saunders. This brought a reduction in interest rates, even if a chaotic Brexit could be averted, as uncertainty will affect the British economy in the foreseeable future. This statement was surprising, as Saunders were defenders of a restrictive monetary policy, Analyst Ricardo Evangelista said of the Brokerhaus ActivTrades.
Last week, the Bank of England already pointed out the burdens on the economy through Brexit-Hickhack, without sending directly a reduction in interest rates. Prime Minister Boris Johnson will also have to conduct his country without divorce agreement on 31 October from the EU.
More: With its provocations, the British Prime Minister has taken a high risk. But it could pay off for him, says trade leaf editor Kerstin Leitel.
Doping: Weitere russische Manipulationen erwiesen
Material from the Moscow analytical laboratory is manipulated - this confirms David Howman, former director of the world's antidoping agency (Wada) and today's integrity of the athletics world association.
For the start of the athletics World Cup, new details on the doping scandal in Russia come to light - and they destroy the few of credibility, which the Russian sport had regained at the beginning of the year and even in some cases. In January 2019, the Moscow doping laboratory finally delivered the demanded samples from 2012 to 2015, to the world-Antidoping agency (Wada). Now turned out: they were falsified.
In December 2014, systematic fraud was revealed in Russian sport. The Wada had blocked the Russian anti-doping agency (Rusada) for three years. During this time, Russian athletes were not completely banished from the world stage. After an individual examination at the summer games in Rio in 2016, the International Olympic Committee held around 270 athletes in the country under neutral flag, in the winter games in February 2018 was 168 Russian athletes at the start. They were also allowed to take part in the World Cup in the various sports in Russia with the host as a participant in the summer.
Positive findings
In September, the Wada resumed the Rusada-Bann, but called for access to the laboratory and the said samples. The data should provide information on the extent of the cover-up of doping cases in the doping of state doping. They should help to punish athletes afterwards. Three months later, they were finally delivered.
However, the chairman of the independent integrity commission (AIU) of the Leight athletics Association (IAAF) has now confirmed that the doping data from the Moscow analysis laboratory has been manipulated. "Yes. We received the data nine months ago. We should check whether the task force has received the right data," said David Howman in the interview of the "Frankfurter General Zeitung" from Friday. "We have found numerous discrepancies between the data that the Wada from a whistleblower, and those who received them from the Russians in January". Many positive findings were missing from the McLaren report.
The WM does not affect the WM
This confirms the attitude of the IAAF: the athletics association maintains the only organization on Russia's bann. At the World Cup in Doha, 30 Russian athletes start under neutral flag. They had to prove that they train outside the Russian system and undergo tests.
At the beginning of this week, the Wada Manipulations had already been put in the room and Russia asked to respond to the allegations within three weeks. Russia is now threatening the re-establishment of Rusada and, in the worst case, the exclusion of the 2020 Olympic Games in Tokyo.
