Fire extinguished in French chemical plant
The big fire in a chemical plant considered to be particularly dangerous in the town of Rouen in Northern France has been extinguished. That was communicated by the prefecture of the Normandie on Friday. The fire was broken out in the night on Thursday. No one was injured in the incident. The fire brigade was used with some 200 fire-fighting vehicles.
The fire could be stopped
Analysts were called upon not to leave their homes. Buildings around 500 metres were evacuated and schools and kindergartens remained closed on Thursday. Additives for lubricants are produced in the chemical plant on the upper side of the legs. The factory is part of the company Lubrizol of US billionaire Warren Buffett and is subject to the EU Seveso Directive, which lays down particularly strict safety requirements.
Some 400 people work in the plant. The chemical factory has already provided headlines in the past - for example, when a leak removed the methane thiol gas in 2013 and the surroundings broke wide-ranging into flesh eggs. In 2015, some 2,000 litres of mineral oil came into the city's wastewater system after an accident.
Woman dismisses her job to look for 57 days after her wasted dog
For two months, a woman from Washington was looking for her wasted dog - announcing her extra job for that. The seven-year Border Collie was removed from the hotel room during a course holiday in Montana. 57 days were missed by the dog - but Carole King did not give up.
"It was terrible. I was fooled, "said Carole King dem" Daily InterLake. " She and her husband had left Hündin Katie in the hotel room while they went to dinner. When they returned to the hotel, Katie had disappeared. They were looking for the animal, but without success.
Donner put dog in panic
In the hope that Katie could stay somewhere in the hotel, Carole King went to recipe. "The employee says:" She died about four, four and a half hours ago, "reminds Carole King of" Daily Inter Lake. " When the automatic entrance door opened, Katie was immediately removed. Presumably, a loud donor had put the dog in panic.
With flyers and calls in Facebook groups, the kings looked for their loved dog. But days have taken weeks. "I have never given up. I never lost hope, "said Carole King dem" Daily InterLake, "who announced her post-employment job in order to continue her search for Katie.
"The tears flowed"
57 days after Katies disappeared, Carole King received a call: A man declared himself and said that Katie was in his farm. But when King arrived there, Katie had already disappeared. She looked at the neighbourhood and suddenly her dog was under a tree. "I only marred them. I did not want to let them go, "reminded King of" Daily InterLake. " "The tears flowed. People stayed in their cars, rose and impoverished us. I think the whole neighbourhood knew that we had found them. "
Losses on federal defence: Machine rifles disappear without trace
Friday 27 September 2019
Six machine rifles of the MG3 type have still disappeared.
In recent years, the Federal Armed Forces have lost many weapons and tens of thousands of shots of ammunition. There are also three machine rifles. This remains unclear in most cases. The opposition speaks of a "frightening" scale.
In the Federal Army, arms and ammunition are constantly disappearing - many of them have so far disappeared without trace. Since the beginning of 2014, the force has seen the loss of 39 weapons, 39 weapons and almost 20,000 shooting ammunition. This can be seen from a classified list of the Federal Defense Ministry, which is reported by the German editorial network.
According to the paper from the Defense State Office Peter Tauber of the CDU, two weapons, one weapon part and 3474 shot ammunition have appeared again. The remaining weapons and weapon parts are six MG3-type machine guns, eleven G3-type guns, four G36-type guns, six pistol-type guns and two pistol-type guns. In addition, 30 gun tubes for MG3 type machine guns are missing.
The scale of arms and ammunition losses in the Federal Army is' frightening ', said the left-wing federal parliament, Martina Renner. This was all the more so since little was found in the course of investigations. The left-wing politician spoke of a 'poor balance sheet'. Mr Renner criticised the fact that the list did not reveal whether the disappeared ammunition was also the one found in connection with the investigations against the terrorist-suspected Franco Franco. "And this, although a supporter of Franco A. was recently condemned for the possession of this ammunition," said Renner.
Oil tanker Stena Impero left Iranian port
More than two months after it was fixed by the Iranian authorities, the British oil tanker 'Stena Impero' left the port of Bandar Abbas this Friday. As Refinitive's vessel observation data showed, the tanker moved and left the Iranian port. The target port was Port Rashid in the United Arab Emirates.
The tanker had actually been released by the Iranian Government on Monday, but initially it remained in Iranian waters. The shipowners were told that they wanted to wait for an official decision from Tehran.
On 19 July, the Stena Impero was accused of violating security rules by the Iranian Revolutionary Guards at the Hormuz Sea Strait. However, it was suspected that Iran reacted to the controversial, temporary setting of an Iranian oil tanker in front of the Gibraltar belonging to the United Kingdom.
The Hormuz Strait is one of the world's most important maritime routes. It links the Persian Gulf to the Indian Ocean. Much of global oil exports are shipped through the Strait. Tensions in the region have intensified enormously in recent months. Merchant shipping has been brought into the conflict between the US and Iran. There have been several incidents involving tankers and drens.
Merkel appreciates the courage of the people in the peaceful revolution
Chancellor Angela Merkel has paid tribute to the commitment of the people of the GDR who went to the streets 30 years ago in the peaceful revolution. In the autumn of 1989, courageous citizens would have defeated the former GDR regime, according to Merkel, when the Thüringer CDU Group was firm, on the imminent day of German unity in Erfurt. Among other things, the Chancellor reminded us of the occupation of the Stasi headquarters. "State security was taken out of horror," she said.
MuSK seeks extradition record
Tesa's quarter may be ready for record. In spite of the boom in extradition, there were last losses in the electric car group.
New York.Tesla-Chief Elon Musk has given a strong boost to his electric car group with the prospect of new record figures on the stock exchange. "We have the chance to reach our first quarter with 100,000 extradition," wrote Musk in an e-mail to Tesla employees published by the industry block "Electrek."
The demand was strong, so Tesla could record 110000 orders, according to Musk's circular. The challenge is to bring cars quickly to the customers. To this end, Tesla had to offer as much resources as possible at the end of the quarter.
Investors knew this: Tesa's shares went out of trading with an increase of more than six per cent. This has not been the case for almost four months. In the second quarter, Tesla had delivered over 95000 cars, reaching its best value so far.
MuSK needs records in order to achieve its high objectives. In 2019, he intends to export a total of 360000 to 400000 cars. For this, six-digit figures will have to be produced in the current and next quarter. In particular, the most favourable Tesla Model 3 is required, but here the profit margins are low. Despite the boom, there were last losses.
President. - I call the Group of the European People's Party (Christian-Democratic Group).
A kind of brake in the grandbrain prevents people from shaking themselves. This was done by scientists at Humboldt University in Berlin with the help of experiments in rats, as they announced on Thursday evening. Progress had also been made on the question of why children are so strongly opposed to the Kitzeln, just to ask for more.
Finally, it was also apparent why only the proximity of a kitchen hand triggers laughter before touching. This is due to a deep layer in the grandbrain, which causes the laughing on the expectation of Kitzeln.
Previous research has shown that rats react with "laughter" in the ultrasound field when they are crushed by humans. This "laughter" is provided by the part of the grandbrain cork which serves the central processing of haptic perception.
Laughter is suppressed during self-contact
So far, it has been assumed that the brain can distinguish between self-contact and contact by others - so people cannot kitchen themselves. In the experiments in the rats, however, the Berlin researchers found that the laughter and the activity of the affected area of the large brain cork were suppressed during self-contact. This is also the case when living beings are cleaning up themselves. However, the activity in the brain and the impulse had been increased during the extinction and crying by the scientists.
However, if self-contact and contact by others were passivated at the same time, the laughing would also be suppressed. This indicated that the brain of the rat could not distinguish between self-contact and contact with others. The new evidence suggests that people cannot shirk themselves because self-touching acts as a brake in the grandbrain.
The rats were also trained to kitchen themselves. In this case, therefore, they sometimes withdrew this initiative early in the experiment, showed escape behaviour or horrific rigidity. This ambivalence is equivalent to the behaviour of children. Kitzeln's ambivalence is a behavioural response that is the same in rats and humans.
Disaster averted: Large-scale fire extinguished in French chemical plant
The big fire in a chemical plant considered to be particularly dangerous in the town of Rouen in Northern France has been extinguished. This was communicated by the prefecture of the Normandie of the news agency AFP on Friday. The fire was broken out in the night on Thursday.
According to the authorities, no substances which are harmful to health are to be exhibited. The samples taken give no cause for concern, as Prefect Pierre-André Durand said on Friday morning at a press conference. No one was injured in the incident. The fire brigade was used with some 200 fire-fighting vehicles.
Schools and kindergartens have been closed
Residents were called upon not to leave their homes. Buildings around 500 metres were evacuated and schools and kindergartens remained closed on Thursday.
Factory belongs to Lubrizol company of US billionaire Warren Buffett
Additives for lubricants are produced in the chemical plant on the upper side of the legs. The factory is part of the company Lubrizol of US billionaire Warren Buffett and is subject to the EU Seveso Directive, which lays down particularly strict safety requirements. Some 400 people work in the plant.
The chemical factory has already provided headlines in the past - for example, when a leak removed the methane thiol gas in 2013 and the surroundings broke wide-ranging into flesh eggs. In 2015, some 2000 litres of mineral oil came into the city's wastewater system after an accident.
Brexit: Johnson criticised by his own sister
The Premier sister commented on Boris Johnsons's speech at the first sitting in Parliament after the postponement of the compulsory break on Wednesday evening. The Premier threatens to lead the country on 31 October without an agreement from the EU if Brussels does not respond to its demands for changes to the Brexit Agreement. However, how he wants to achieve this is unclear.
On Cox, who had campaigned for Britain to remain in the European Union, the Premier said: "The best way to honour the memory of Jo Cox would be to return to the EU." Cox had been murdered by a right-wing extremist during the referendum campaign in 2016.
Reminder of Oslo and Ufatya attacks
More than eight years after the attacks in Oslo and Uletya, with 77 deaths, a reminder to honour the victims will be revealed in Norway on Saturday. The "Jernrosene" monument (German: The iron roses) consists of about 1,000 iron roses. They recall the roses that thousands of people had taken in the days and weeks after the attacks before the Cathedral of Oslo.
In the same place, the project of artists Tobbe Malm and Tone Karlsrud is to be revealed - the roses have been forged by people from all over the world, including survivors and victims. Other Kronprinz Haakon and Kronprinzessin Mette-Marit are expected to open.
On 22 July 2011, Anders Behring Dehvik, the right-wing journalist, launched a car bomb in the Oslo government district, followed by a dozens of workers on the island of Ustoya. In total, 77 people were killed in the attacks.
Iran released British tankers
The UN general debate did not bring a solution to the Iran conflict. Now, however, there is a problem less. The British oil tanker, Stena Impero, held in Iran, was able to go back to sea. It could be a piece of puzzle in the peace plan of Iranian President Ruhani.
The British oil tanker 'Stena Impero', held in Iran in the Strait of Hormus in mid-July, is back in international waters. Following the release by the Iranian authorities, the ship is on the way to Dubai, as the Stena Bulk shipowners announced.
The "Stena Impero" has left the port of Bandar Abbas and the Crew is now operating, among other things, for medical examinations to Dubai, said Reedereichef Erik Hånell. At midday, the vessel had left the Iranian waters. "Well, it is over," he said to the Swedish television station SVT.
The London Ministry of Foreign Affairs declared the vessel to be illegal. "This is part of a pattern of attempts to undermine the freedom of the seas. We are working with our international partners to maintain shipping and international law, "said a communication on Friday.
On 19 July, the Iranian Revolutionary Guards set the tanker under the accusation of disregard for rules of the law of the sea in the Persian Gulf. Seven of the 23 crew members had already been released at the beginning of September. According to the remaining 16 crew members, the situation is good, said Hånell. They would have acted professionally in the face of the difficult and exciting situation in the last ten weeks. The shipowners are now working to bring them together with their families as soon as possible.
The British Government, behind the establishment of the 'Stena Impero', suspected a reaction to a similar incident in British Gibraltar: At the beginning of July, a super-tanker of oil from Iran, which was intended for Syria, According to the authorities, delivery infringed EU sanctions against Syria's war country. The British had received the reference to the ship from the United States.
Iran talked about piracy and threatened with consequences. In mid-August, Adrian Darya-1 was finally released. Allegations that it was a bargain to get rid of the "Stena Impero" were vehemently rejected by London.
The Strait of Hormus is one of the world's most important lakes. It links the Persian Gulf to the Indian Ocean. Much of the world's oil exports are shipped through the Strait. Tensions in the region have intensified enormously in recent months. Merchant shipping has been brought into the conflict between the US and Iran. There have been several incidents involving tankers and drens.
The two countries' nuclear dispute is behind the tensions between Teheran and Washington. The Americans accuse Iran's leaders of wanting to build nuclear weapons. Iran rejects this. In 2018, the United States had unilaterally withdrawn from the international nuclear agreement, which was intended to prevent Iran from building a nuclear bomb and at the same time to put an end to its political and economic isolation. Since then, the US Government has put pressure on the Tehran leadership with massive economic sanctions against the country in order to force a more stringent agreement extended to other areas. Iran has resisted the pressure so far.
Because of the dispute over the Stena Impero and other incidents involving tankers in the Persian Gulf and Oil Plants in Saudi Arabia, the US is working on a coalition for the military protection of commercial ships in the
Iran's President Hassan Ruhani presented a plan for security and peace in the Hormus Strait to the UN General Assembly in New York. With the 'coalition of hope' initiative for the Persian Gulf, Iran, together with the Arab Gulf States and without foreign defence powers, wanted to ensure the security of shipping in the Persian Gulf.
India is concealing a better future with its protectionist economic policy.
India would in fact be predestined to be a "warwinner." Given the punitive tariffs imposed on Chinese producers by America'sPresident Donald Trump, foreign producers in thePeople's Republic are forced to redispose of them. Financial leaders of Asian firms who are considering transferring their production from China to another country call India one of the preferred alternatives in a survey carried out by the UBS. This, of course, does not just have to do with the uncertainties of the Chinese-American trade war. With a giant pool of young workers and an internal market of 1.3 billion consumers, India seems to be creating a more important role in the global wide-ranging production chain.
Now, however, India itself has become a focus of Trumps. America, at the beginning of June, withdrew the trade concessions for 2000 products from the emerging country. The US accuses India of high tariffs prohibitively and calls for better market access for agricultural goods, mobile phones, spirits, motorcycles and so on.
On the world map of the trade wars, however, the travellers with India are merely a side-point. America also sees the world's largest democracy through security-policy glasses. Delhi and Washington link concern about China's claims for power in the South Indian Ocean. Against this background, a salve of American punitive tariffs against India is unlikely. India's Prime Minister, Mr Narendra Modi, who has just embarked on a second five-year term, is therefore likely to weigh with certainty.
The problem, however, lies elsewhere: The empirically reinforced argument that open markets accelerate economic development is at a severe level in the Socialist Republic of India. Also under modi. His enthusiasm for reform is mainly directed at the bureaucratic madness that, for too long in the multi-ethnic state, suffocated any spirit of enterprise. Firms are now receiving faster building permits for buildings. They benefit from a better energy and transport infrastructure, and a more sophisticated insolvency and bankruptcy law creates conditions for more rapid liquidation of apparently dead firms with high debts.
The success of these efforts can be seen and measured in the relevant ranking. From an economic point of view, in India, much has turned for the better in the first five years. But that does not apply to trade policy. From the point of view of protecting low international competitiveness from foreign suppliers, the national conservative government even created new barriers.
In the West, models depend on the Nimbus of the energetic reformist who radically renews his country economically. This impression is due not least to the fact that the charismatic Prime Minister is all too well aware of the vocabulary of Western managers. But, at the heart of the matter, India's first advocate never depended on protectionist economic policy, which prevents Indian firms from being forced to dispose of anachronistic processes and thus to compete for global competition. Businessmen who survive thanks to the closure of their industries are among the champions of Modis's nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party and are blaming this short-sighted policy.
Resignation of Jacques Chirac on Monday in Paris
The former President of France, Jacques Chirac, is due to be present in Paris next week, according to a report. The former Head of State was visited on Monday at Montparnasse Cemetery in the south of the French capital, and the AFP news agency reported on the Chiracs family. The reimbursement would take place in the narrow family circle. For Sunday, a public ceremony of mourning was planned in the Paris Invalidity dome, as media reported.
Dabo is the first hidden hero of the athletics World Cup
The world leader has long been in the process of playing down warmer scenes in the Khalifa International Stadion, which has been cooled down. In the first run of men over 5000 metres, Jonathan Busby from Aruba was dangerous to fluctuate. He was able to stay on his feet well over 300 metres before the target, and was in an unhealthy position when Braima Suncar Dabo was supporting him from the West African country, Guinea-Bissau, and suddenly In both cases, however, the forces were still sufficient to stop the walking wristwatch after the target passage. As if the scene had not been curious enough.
"I just wanted to help him. Everyone in this situation would have done the same, "said Dabo after the race in the Mixed Zone, when he completely unexpectedly attracted the attention of the gathered journalists. He was frightened when he did not want to speak at all about his hero's seat. Finally, he wanted to set up his personal holiday and, when he said that this would be difficult, he wanted to help just one passion. In any case, he would only be proud to represent his country, which was invited to the World Cup by the World Federation. In normal circumstances, he should not have started. "That is why I am proud to be here for my country," he said.
He did so emphatically on the evening - and much more intensively than he would have thought. This Heldentate will be remembered. Since Dabo even left his competitor Busby in the target and voluntarily took last place - indeed, just over five minutes after the Ethiopian Selemon Barega, who won that lead. At the end of the day, it had nothing to do with it, because it was precisely for this reason that the Busby was disqualified by the World Light Athletics Association at the end of the day.
Dabo, who resides in Portugal and is studying there in Lisbon, was involved in setting up a personal meeting time at the World Trade Organisation in Doha. According to official data, this was achieved at 18: 10.87 minutes, but he himself was disappointed: "I wanted to run for 17: 55 minutes. I've been under 18 minutes. " However, it is only in training that best times do not count.
Millions of mash: Egyptians stand up for wild protest day
In Egypt, security measures have been strengthened in the run-up to possible government-critical protests. In the centre of Kairos, there was an increased police presence on Friday. Several underground stations remained closed and roads around the Tahrir centre were blocked.
As early as the last few days, the police have stepped up their road checks and some of the pedestrians' mobile phones have searched for news and photographs related to the protests. Hundreds have been arrested, according to two non-governmental organisations.
Opponents of Al-Sisi
Last weekend there were hundreds of protests in Cairo, Alexandria, Suez and Mansura. They opposed the government of President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, who accused critics of corruption and mismanagement. There has not been such an open protest against the political leadership in Egypt for years. The Egyptian builder and actor Mohammed Ali living in exile in Spain, who launched the demonstrations with video embassies in Facebook, has called for a "millionmarch" for this Friday Ali calls for a 'People's Revolution'. The man is not a good thing for most young Egyptians, because he created millions as a subcontractor for the army, but his embassies are coming up.
The number of arrests in connection with the protests continued to increase, according to two observer groups. The Egyptian Commission for Rights and Freedoms (ECRF) had more than 1,570 arrests by Friday. The Egyptian Center for Economic and Social Rights (ECESR) and the Human Rights Watch (HRW) have spoken of more than 2,000 arrests. In the first place, these figures could not be confirmed independently. The government also confirmed and commented on the figures.
Arbitrary arrests
Many people were 'arbitrarily arrested', "just because they were 'in the wrong place at the wrong time'," HRW reported more arrested on appeal to lawyers. The accusations against detainees, according to their lawyers, range from "dissemination of false information" to membership of a "terrorist association." In Cairo, Alexandria and other cities, security forces interviewed and searched in uniform, but also in civil clothing, according to HRW data, arbitrarily passants.
HRW also criticised censorship in the North African country. So the government in Cairo is blocking websites and online services to prevent further protests against Sisi.
Online distributors: Mail order distributors should be able to donate more easily
For online dealers, many returned packages are lost goods. Some 20 million resorts are thus landed on the rubbish. But there is an alternative.
The Ministry of Finance has shown online traders like Amazon and Zalando how they can donate returned products rather than destroy them.
Although it was not possible to exempt the companies from the turnover tax on material donations, the Ministry referred to a question from the Green-Bundestag Group, which was reported by the newspapers of the Funke media group on Friday. However, traders could set the market value of the non-saleable return to such a low level that they would have to pay no or little turnover tax.
Scientists at the University of Bamberg had found that, when ordering on the Internet, the federal citizens return every sixth package. About four per cent of the goods - some 20 million products - then landed in the rubbish. To donate it would cost companies extra money, according to current legislation, because the tax authorities value gifts such as a turnover to which turnover tax then applies.
Green group leader Katrin Göring-Eckardt called on the Minister of Finance, Olaf Schod (SPD), by decree, to make it clear that companies can evaluate non-saleable products accordingly and free Companies should be able to rely on not being penalised for donations. This applies not only to network commerce, but also to other business from the modem to the construction market.
Banksy art for auction: There was never a better time to sell this painting
The well-known work of Streetart-Star Banksy, "Devolved Parliament," will soon be auctioned.
For Branczik, Banksys's work emphasises "the transformation of the world's oldest parliamentary democracy into animals and tribes." From Saturday, the painting will be issued at Sotheby's in the UK capital until it is auctioned on 3 October. It is estimated at between 1.5 and 2 million euro.
The work was first exhibited in Bristol Museum in the south-west of the UK in 2009, where Banksy lives. This year, the artist had issued the painting again, at the same time as the original Brexit date of 29 March. On this occasion, the work formerly called 'Question Time' was renamed 'Devolved Parliament'.
The picture could change the owner for a million.
Last, on Wednesday, on the first meeting of the House of Commons, Prime Minister Boris Johnson had made a tough strike exchange with the opposition following the lifting by the Supreme Court of a forced break imposed by Johnson. Johnson wants to carry out the Brexit, which has already been postponed twice on 31 October, if necessary without agreement with the EU.
It is not the first time that banksy, whose identity is still unknown, is interfering in the Brexit debate. In Dover in the south-east of England, he painted an image which is a man who breaks a star of the European flag with a chisel. The factory sees thousands of lorry drivers and other visitors travelling to the United Kingdom every day.
Brexit debate is like a "walk in the park"
The violent verbal attacks by British Prime Minister Boris Johnson on Brexit opponents in Parliament do not, in his view, contribute to a climate of hatred. Compared to the election campaign before the Brexit referendum in 2016, the current controversy was a "walk in the park," said Dominic Cummings at a book presentation on Friday. "We enjoy that. We will emerge (from the EU) and we will win. "
Johnson had harshly attacked Brexit opponents in Parliament over the past few days and, among other things, accused them of 'betrayal' on the people. Accusations that he could put Members at risk because they could become the target of murder threats, for example, turned out to be a "humbug."
Cummings said that the only way to restore calm was to finally respect the British 's decision to leave the EU. It was not surprising that people were shocked that Britain had still not left the EU three years after the referendum.
In view of the exaggerated mood, even the bishops of the Anglian Church called for restraint on Friday. "We should talk to each other with respect," said a statement. "And we should listen."
Pakistan's Prime Minister Khan calls for Uno intervention in Kashmir
With an emotional appeal, Pakistan's Prime Minister Imran Khan once again called on the United Nations to intervene in the Kashmir conflict at his first appearance before the Uno General Assembly.
Otherwise, a renewed war between the nuclear powers of Pakistan and India is likely, said Khan on Friday at the UNO general debate in New York. "If that is bad, you hope for the best, but you're prepared for the worst." The United Nations would have a responsibility for Kashmir. "You will have to prevent it."
India and Pakistan have had three wars since their independence from British colonial rule in 1947, two of them around the divided region of Kashmir. Both nuclear powers each dominate part of Kashmir and another part belongs to China. At the beginning of August, India had withdrawn the Indian Kashmir region from the autonomous status, thereby increasing tension in relation to Pakistan abruptly.
Not one bottle of water
The demonstrators in Cairo are calling for the Egyptian President al-Sisi to fall.
The government is reacting hard to the current protests in Egypt. It is shooting the people with sharp ammunition, and more than 2000 detained healthier in prisons to the 60,000 political prisoners who are already sitting there. Protesting has never been safe in Egypt. However, since General Abdel Fattah el-Sisi took over in 2013, the state apparatus has done everything to avoid a scenario like that of the Arab Spring.
But one of the causes of the 2011 protests was the bad economic situation. Poverty, lack of perspective and the feeling of being stifled by their own government are driving millions into the streets. And this is a problem that does not get under control of the el-Sisi regime, no matter how tough it is against opponents. The situation has even deteriorated.
Today, one in three lives below the poverty line in Egypt. Since 2016, the currency has lost more than half its value, with an inflation rate of 10%. Those who want to buy a bottle of water on the supermarket must decide who they finance: Nestlé, Coca-Cola or the military. The latter is responsible not only for oppression, but also for the largest economic actor. The military is building streets, houses, football stairs, producing food and much more. That was the case before el-Sisi. The Egyptian people have a lot of experience with authoritarian regimes, and the dilemma in the supermarket is an old one. It is always critical when large sections of the population find it difficult to get a bottle of water at all.
TÜV tests at the terminal: Ber-Chief: No "Showstoppers" for capital airports
Two months have been taken to determine whether the complex system works together in BER fire protection. The operators are satisfied with the course. But the TÜV is not yet ready on the BER.
Following large-scale TÜV checks at the terminal of the future capital city airport, the operators confirmed the planned opening in October next year. This is certain, he said, after a meeting of the supervisory board, Rainer Bretschneider.
Airport chef Engelbert Lütke Daldrup spoke of a successfully completed test, but said that there were still shortcomings in the terminal. "We have many detailed issues, but we do not have a real showstop." He assured that the timetable for entry into service would include buffer.
However, there is evidence that the time reserve is no longer too large. The sale display will now be sent to the Construction Office during the first quarter of 2020, which was scheduled for this autumn at the beginning of the year.
Hundreds of faults in power cables are still to be remedied, and the TÜV intends to examine them by February. "In order to create the conditions for the start of air traffic, we must continue to work hard to deal with the deficiencies," said a written communication.
Lütke Daldrup said that in many cases there was a lack of evidence, rather than new cables. Nor is there any opening for all the dowels on which the cable tracks are suspended. The head of the airport expects this to be available by the end of the year.
In addition, fire protection is not yet functioning satisfactorily at the point of transition to the station under the terminal. The problems had led the project to another crisis three years ago. This time we are talking about smoke creams which run down in the event of a fire like a canvas, so that the smoke does not spread. They are going too far down. 36 engines must therefore be replaced. There will then be new tests with hot gas smoke at the beginning of the year.
Problems with fire protection and other building defects, as well as planning errors, delay the opening of the airport for years. Originally, it was supposed to be operational in 2011. The cost has increased from EUR 2 billion since the start of 2006 to around EUR 6.5 billion for next year's opening.
Because the number of passengers in Berlin has increased significantly since then, those responsible are planning to expand the airport. This is what will happen in a special meeting of the Supervisory Board on 18 October, as President Bretschneider announced.
The airport company is now looking for two new managers. Financial chef Heike Fölster changes to Deutsche bahn at the end of the year, and Manfred Bobke-of CAMEN will retire next year, as Bretschneider said. He thanked Fölster. She put airport finances on a firm footing.
Chemnitz: Drugs guns - Police stays man
He needed money for drugs - and hunted a number of machines in the Chemnitz area! Now the perpetrator is at last in prison!
Over the past two years, there has been a sharp increase in the number of counterfeit cigarette and car ticket machines in Chemnitz and the region. There was a million damage!
After two detonations at the end of May, the police took a 33-year-old German on the street and on the Further Strait in Chemnitz.
Police officer Andrzej Rydzik: "In the course of the investigation into explosives explosions carried out in unit of fact, with a particularly severe case of theft, 33 police officers were not arrested by the Chemniti
Faced with the new evidence, the 33-year-old Chemnitzer now had a total of eight deeds.
The police officer: 'With his prey he appears to have financed his drug addiction'. Four times alone, between 20 August 2018 and 31 May 2019, the bomber had blasted car ticket machines on the passenger road.
The resulting total damage amounts to at least EUR 60 000!
The machine bomber is now in detention. Police investigations against him are continuing.
It is conceivable that he was also responsible for further machine explosions in Chemnitz and adjacent rural areas.
Aua takes Eurowings flights from Vienna
The Air thansa group is implementing its strategy for Vienna airport. In the midst of the prize campaign with low-cost carriers such as Lauda, Wizz Air, EasyJet and Level, Air thansa subsidiary AUA takes over the commercial control of all Eurowings flights. Previously, "AviationNetOnline" had reported on this.
The Vienna base of the airthansa low-cost airline Eurowings will thus be dismantled de facto. Of the currently seven Eurowings aircraft, four remain in Vienna. This will be taken over by the AUA in the "wetlease" from January 2020, including Eurowings staff. In Salzburg there will henceforth be three Eurowings Jets to fly from Salzburg and Innsbruck as charter machines to holiday destinations. Routes from Vienna to Germany are taken over by Eurowings Germany.
The Eurowings base in Vienna was integrated into the AUA turnstile and network planning, said the spokesperson. Flight times will be adapted to follow-up flights. The aim was, on the one hand, to strengthen Vienna's turnstile and, on the other hand, to develop decentralized traffic from the Länder.
As AviationNetOnline writes, Eurowings in Vienna only serve as a "production company" for the group sister AUA. For example, Barcelona and Rome would be served by AUA flight numbers, but mainly Eurowings. The on-board product should be adapted to that of Austrian Airlines, but the pilots and flight crews should come from Eurowings. According to the report, Eurowings flights starting under the AUA flight number are no longer handled in the terminal 1, but in the same way as the AUA in the terminal 3.
A prize campaign has broken out at Vienna airport after Niki Pleite. The Ryanair subsidiary Laudamotion only announced on Thursday that the fleet in Vienna next summer will be increased to 16 aircraft. The Irish lowcost airline sends four Ryanair machines together with Crews to Vienna, also in the so-called wetlease, which criticised the union as a bypass to the collective agreement.
The attack by Ryanair-Chief Michael O'Leary that Lauda will have overtaken the AUA in five years "time, replied on Friday's board Andreas Otto," We're in five years.
Queen-Enkelin Prinzessin Beatrice is loved
Beatrice, Eugenie, William and Harry: When children, the cousins were the best friends. Now the last of the four is married. Beatrice is praiseworthy!
Wonderful news from the British Royals: At the beginning of the month in Italy, Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi (34) is expected to hold his friend Prinzessin Beatrice (31). The Palace announced this on Thursday.
"We are delighted to be able to announce our praises. We are both so pleased to start this adventure together and can hardly expect to be actually married, "said the couple, which has been together since October 2018, according to UK media reports, in the official communication.
Furthermore, "we share so many similar interests and values, and we know that this will help us greatly in the coming years with love and luck."
Sister Eugenie knuckles the pictures
The official commemoration photographs have taken up their sisters, Princess Eugenie (29), and have also published them on their Instagram Account.
A Royale Fest
The flood is due to take place in 2020. More detailed information on date, place and everything else will be published by the Palace in the coming months.
It is certain, however, that the humiliation of the number nine of the British order of throne and the mogul of property will be a similar affair to the grief of Eugenie on 12 October 2018 with Jack
Study on causes of heart disease
Smoking, overweight, unhealthy diet - there are risk factors for cardiovascular diseases. But what really causes heart failure or infarction? Hamburger researchers now want to look at the legacy of 9000 healthy and sick people.
By analysing the hereditary value of 9000 people, Hamburger and Swiss scientists want to take a closer look at the causes of cardiovascular diseases.
The research project was the largest in the German-speaking area, and the University Hospital Hamburg-Eppendorf (UKE) announced on Friday. The Kühne Foundation supports the project at EUR 12.5 million. From Switzerland, the Davos high mountainous clinic, which belongs to the Foundation, and the university spital Zurich are involved.
Overweight, smoking and unhealthy nutrition are among the main influencing risk factors for cardiovascular diseases. Genetic factors also determine the risk. However, the interaction between genes and external influences is insufficiently known, he said. Scientists now want to compare the complete hereditary status of 8000 healthy people with that of 1000 former patients at the UKE University's heart and vascular centre.
At present, in more than 4000 of the approximately 20,000 relevant human genes, possible disease-causing changes in DNA - so-called mutations - were known by the clinic. Each year some 200 will be added.
The aim of the five-year project is to develop new options, such as prevention, detection and treatment of cardiac arrhythmias, heart failure and heart attacks, according to the initiators. The data could also be useful in investigating other people's diseases, says Stefan Blankenberg, head of the University's heart and vascular centre. New knowledge on the interaction between heart and brain, heart and kidney as well as cancer is possible.
The Chairman of the Kühne Foundation, Klaus-Michael Kühne (82), also stressed that there was a strong desire to use the data to investigate other diseases. The Foundation's clinic in Davos has so far been mainly concerned with allergies. Now, at the Medizincampus there, a centre for Cardiovascular Precision Medicine should be set up and a professional for bioinformatics should be created. To justify his commitment, the logistics operator living in Switzerland said that he had been operating in the open heart three years ago in Hamburg and was very grateful.
The biosamples of healthy subjects come from Hamburg, who also participate in the Hamburg City Health Study. This is, according to the clinic, the largest local health study in the world, with 45,000 subjects. The protection of anonymised data was strictly respected in the detection of hereditary diseases, assurances were given by scientists. It is about a pincyte (1000 terabytes) of data, said Holger Moch of the university spital Zurich.
Today, according to UKE, the legacy of a human being can be decrypted within 24 hours. The pure cost of this would be EUR 1300. The first gene sequencing worldwide, the results of which were published in 2001, has cost several hundred million euros. The study will begin on 1 October and all 9000 samples will be analysed by the end of 2020. The first results are expected in the following year.
Nigerian police liberates hundreds of abused boys
In Nigeria, the police have freed more than 300 children who have been tortured and abused from a cork school. Following evidence from residents, security forces visited the school in the northern Nigerian town of Kaduna and discovered the victims, some of them still under-age, as police officer Yakubu Sabo announced. "The victims were abused. Some of them said they had been raped by their teachers, "said Sabo.
The boys were held on the pretext of being informed and 'improved' in the Koran. In fact, the defendants had been held by their teachers under "most degrading and inhumane conditions," said Sabo. Some 100 pupils, including children aged nine, had been bought in a small room.
According to the data, the cork school has been in operation for about ten years. Residents would have drawn the attention of the authorities to repeated irregularities in the institution. The parents had been shocked when they were informed of the conditions in the Korabo school, said Sabo. They would not have appreciated the suffering of their children. The operator and six employees were arrested according to the police.
In the predominantly Muslim north of Nigeria, there are many private Koran schools. They replace the often deficient state institutions. The people of the region suffer from frequent attacks of armed ties. According to the UN Refugee Agency, over the past ten months more than 40,000 people have been fleeing the border to the neighbouring Niger.
Battled and tortured: Nigeria's police releases 400 children from school
In a school in northern Nigeria, police officers have freed almost 400 pupils from appalling conditions. "Many of them were killed and some had visible injuries suggesting torture," said police officer Yakubu Sabo in the city of Kaduna.
On Thursday, after a reference to an Islamic school, the children had been discovered there. The situation there was "unworthy of human beings." The officials appointed the head teacher and six teachers after the liberation action.
The children, all boys, had been kept in their school like slaves and put on chains. Some were sexually abused. Television pictures showed educated and injured pupils in a manifestly poor state of health.
World Football Selection: Further allegations of Messis and Klopps Kür
Football "Signature not valid"
Jürgen Klopp, Lionel Messi and Megan Rapinoe
With a gala in Milan, FIFA is the best player, the best player and the best trainer in the year. For Lionel Messi, it is the sixth honour and thus record.
Since Nicaragua's captain declared that he had never voted in the World Football Election, accusations have been made to FIFA from other countries. Egypt was not considered - with a curious explanatory statement.
Much of FIFA has proved to be fragile in recent years: The World Bank pledges, dubious plans by President Gianni Infantino, the general behaviour of various corrupt officials. The FIFA World Football Election, however, has not so far been suspected of going unclean - if one disregards the fact that the national trainer entitled to vote and the national team captain often according to sympathy
However, since Nicaragua's captain had already complained that he had not voted at all, further inconsistencies have arisen: Egypt complains that the voices of national trainer Hossam El-Badry were not taken In fact, they do not appear in the official and publicly available voting table.
FIFA apologises for the fact that "the signatures on the electoral forms were given in capital letters and were therefore not valid." The Egyptian association has been contacted several times to clarify the situation - without any answer.
Sudan's Trainer also surprises
There is also a cry from Sudan about the election. While the situation in the case of Egypt is understandable, the Sudanese Association states that Trainer Zdravko Lugarisic did not vote in the way that it finally considered three Virgijk However, according to FIFA, the vote had been taken in the same way, with signatures and official stamps from the Sudanese Association.
Nicaragua's captain, Juan Barrera, also made accusations: "Did not vote for the # Best2019 Awards. All the information about my vote is wrong, thank you, "he wrote. In his case, it was suspected that the Nigerian Football Association simply voted on its behalf.
The report came from the association on Friday: Yes, but of course it was not an intention. The completed electoral documents were erroneously marked with the name and signature of Juan Barrera, the master of the nicaraguan selection, as stated in a communication from the Association. However, the second captain, Manuel Rosas, was actually elected. "We take responsibility for the administrative error," said the communication. However, both Rosas and team leaders Henry Duarte would have voted in favour of Messi, "just as it is on the official list of FIFA."
The other cases can now be examined by FIFA in an investigation, but emphasises that the election process was externally supervised by PriceWaterhouseCoopers. For as long as Lionel Messi remains an undisputed victor of the World Football Election - and Jürgen Klopp World trainer of the year.
Ukraine affair: Senior Republicans advocate official investigation
Two senior Republicans have openly opted for an official inquiry against the US president and party leader and Donald Trump. "I think the study is important," said the Republican Governor of the US federal state of Vermont, Phil Scott. "Where this leads us from here, it is determined by the facts that are found." Press enquiries: Roy Worsley (Strasbourg) tel. (33) 3 881 73785 (Brussels) tel. (32-2) 28 42941 e-mail: Econ-press @ europarl.eu.int An impeachment procedure may lead to the President being replaced.
President. - The next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions: These showed that Trump had repeatedly called on Ukrainian President Volodymyr Selenskyj to investigate the activities of the democratic presidential candidate and former Vice-President Joe Biden in Ukraine in a telephone call. According to Scott, Trump Biden has been watching for years.
The Republicans have so far withheld criticism of Trump for the Whistleblower affair, and few have shown unease. Scott's statements are now a first sign of this in Trumps' Party. On several occasions, the moderate governor of Virginia had opposed Trumps policy, such as the relaxation of environmental legislation and the tightening of immigration rules.
As another senior Republican, Charlie Baker, Governor of Massachusetts, was also in favour of the investigation. "It is a deeply disturbing situation," said Baker. "The right course of action and responsibility for Congress is now to investigate the matter and go to the bottom of it."
Scott and Baker, as governor of US states, do not formally have any say in the trial against Trump, which will be decided in Congress. President. - The next item is the report (Doc. However, the first senators of the Republicans have also been critical of the situation. Mitt Romney, for example, who represents the Utah state in the second Chamber of Parliament, said that the case was' extremely disturbing, deeply disturbing '. The US media also report that the republicans had the first internal cracks.
The affair could lead to the initiation of an infringement procedure against Trump, and the democrats in the House of Representatives have announced an investigation into this. They accuse him of abuse of power for the purpose of foreign influence for his own political benefit.
There is no precise timetable for the compulsory retirement procedure. By a majority in the House of Representatives, democrats could make a so-called impeachment. However, the decision on actual compulsory retirement would be taken in the Senate, where Trumps Republicans have the majority. The prospects for success of such a process are therefore low. So far, no US president has been denounced by an impeachment procedure by the Office.
Were followers to Racketes Sea Watch Board?
Three men have been arrested in Sicily and have been raped and murdered in Libyan refugee camps.
The German captain Carola Rackete (31) was arrested in June after driving the port of Lampeda on board with the Sea Watch 3 rescue vessel and 53 Lybian refugees. After strong protests and international criticism - also by Austria's President Alexander van der Belle - her house arrest was lifted by an Italian judge after a few days.
Now new serious accusations are being made against Rackete. For example, three men accused of torture in Libyan refugee camps could have arrived in Italy with the Sea-Watch 3. The suspects were found in a reception centre in Messina (Sicily), after migrants had recognised their passports in Italy. "We cannot rule out this, but even we have no secure information on it," said the "Sea Watch" spokesperson Ruben Neugebauer of the German Press Agency.
The police said in mid-September that the suspects in the North African country had raped, tortured and even murdered. It was Mohammed C. (27) from Guinea and the two Egyptians Hameda A. (26) and Mahmoud A (24). "Migrants were systematically harassed and subjected to atrocities - by repeated and constant physical violence," said the communication at the time.
NGOs and aid organisations now point out that they cannot know exactly who comes on the ships. "We cannot scan who the people are. They come without passports, "said Neugebauer. Torture is one of the main reasons why people are fleeing Libya. It is therefore highly likely that perpetrators will also be on the ships. "It is therefore very important to look at this."
Italy's right former Minister of the Interior, Matteo Salvini, immediately asked for an apology from Rackete, against whom aid for illegal immigration is still being investigated in Italy.
MuSK seeks extradition record at Tesla
Tesla-Chef Elon Musk has given a strong boost to his electric car group with the prospect of new record numbers on the stock exchange.
"We have the chance to reach our first quarter with 100,000 extradition," wrote Musk in an e-mail to Tesla employees published by the industry block "Electrek."
Demand was strong and Tesla could record 110,000 orders, according to Musk's circular. The challenge is to bring cars quickly to the customers. To this end, Tesla had to offer as much resources as possible at the end of the quarter.
Investors knew this: Tesa's shares went out of trading with an increase of more than six per cent. This has not been the case for almost four months. In the second quarter, Tesla had delivered over 95,000 cars, reaching its best value so far.
MuSK needs records in order to achieve its high objectives. In 2019, he intends to deliver a total of 360,000 to 400,000 cars. For this, six-digit figures will have to be produced in the current and next quarter. In particular, the most favourable Tesla Model 3 is required, but here the profit margins are low. Despite the boom, there were last losses.
United States budget dispute: Once again just one bridge financing
The new financial year will begin in the United States on 1 October without a proper budget. The Senate followed the House of Representatives on Thursday and decided on transitional financing until 21 November.
Although, in August, the US Congress and President Donald Trump agreed on an increase in spending ceilings for the years 2020 and 2021, the United States is facing more than the new fiscal year starting on 1 October. The Senate followed the House of Representatives on Thursday and decided on transitional financing (Continuing Resolution, CR) until 21 November. Without such a decision, there would have been a shutdown on Monday at midnight, a partial closure of the federal administration. President Trump still has to put the decision into force.
Shutdown off
For the time being, the federal administration is now being financed at the level and according to the priorities of the spending plans for the financial year 2019, which ends on Monday. This is because Congress has not been able to agree in time on the 12 spending laws that allocate the funds to the various departments and authorities. For the time being, therefore, the federal administration cannot rely on the 1.3% figure for the new financial year. 1.4 bio. $will benefit from an enlarged spending framework.
The democrats in the House of Representatives, where they have the majority, have completed ten of the twelve laws. However, the spending laws reflect the priorities of democrats, who have little chance in the Senate dominated by the Republicans. Conversely, the Senate also has ten of the twelve spending plans more or less ready for majority voting.
The ghosts differ, above all, on the issue of resource allocation for domestic security and border security. In the Senate, Republicans seem to be trying to impose $12 billion on building walls, one of President Trump's major priorities. The democrats are disturbed by the building plans and their funding, which is actually intended for other military buildings and projects. The dispute over wall construction had already escalated in December 2018 and had led to a 35-day shutdown.
The Mountains on Wall Construction
At the moment, it is unclear how the parties want to approach this issue. More likely than an agreement on all twelve spending laws over the next seven weeks is an extension of transitional financing beyond 21 November. A shutdown is therefore not excluded either.
Against the background of the continuing inability of the Congress to agree in good time on the 12 spending laws and the consequent risk of shutdown, ideas to automate the process are gaining popularity. Presentation p. 1877 to prevent shutdowns, the financing of the federal administration would automatically continue at the level of the previous year, discourage the travel activities of parliamentarians and reduce their wages until the new annual spending plans were
France allows artificial insemination for lesbians and singles
In France, artificial insemination will in future also be open to women and lesbians living alone: The Paris National Assembly voted by a large majority in favour of a government bill allowing all women to benefit from in vitro insemination. This should significantly increase the demand for anonymous semen donation.
The proposal must still be approved by the Senate. In the three-day emotional debate, critics in the right-wing camp warned that many 'children without fathers' could grow up in the future. The French bishops' conference is also opposed to the innovation.
The new regulation is the core component of a bioethics law that defended Minister of Health Agnès Buzyn as an "opportunity" for society. It was the modern family in which there were children with only one parent or with homosexual parents. According to her idea, the cost of artificial fertilization for all women is to be borne by the social security system.
Insemination with sperm continues to be prohibited by dead husband
By a narrow majority, however, the National Assembly rejected an amendment aimed at giving widows access to the sperm of their dead husband for artificial insemination. In Belgium, Spain and the United Kingdom artificial insemination is allowed "post-mortem." In Germany, there have been cases in the past where women complained in vain about the release of the sperm of a deceased person. The opponents of the accusation in Paris argued that such a convicted child would then have a "particularly severe fate."
Many members of the government party La République en Marche (The Republic in Movement, LREM) of President Emmanuel Macron and members of the opposition had spoken out in favour of artificial insemination. They stressed that a widow would be subjected to a 'double trauma' if her desire for a child were not met by the death of her husband.
The initiators of the amendment that has now failed find it unfair for a widow to be injured with the sperm of an unknown person in future, but not with that of her own partner.
Until now, artificial insemination in France has only been permitted for heterosexual couples who cannot father children. They must be married or live together for at least two years. As early as the summer, Buzyn had announced that the predatory motherhood would continue to be banned.
In Germany, artificial insemination is theoretically open to all women, yet it is often difficult for single persons or lesbian couples.
Climate Compensation: Calls for flight tax for Unis
A great deal is fled in the universities. That is why, in the future, the country wants to have a tax on climate change carried out there too. The rectors say they have no money for it. But now they are also under internal pressure.
Universities should also be restricted to flying. Photo: DPA / Julian Straten Schulte
The discussion on a tax on the climate on flights from universities and universities, which was postponed before the summer break, is coming to an end again. After the National Rectors' Conference had skeptically responded to an appeal from the Green-Black Coalition, the plans now receive support from the universities. In a joint declaration, the doctoral students of six Baden-Württemberg universities and a pedagogical college are arguing for compensation for service flights. As a first step, this is "urgently necessary," but at the same time there must be a broad debate on the avoidance of flights, she said. The cabinet decision originally planned in July is still on ice, because the CDU has still not approved the Green proposal.
Russia Returns North Korean Fishermen
According to the FSB, the detainees are to have fished illegally in Russian waters. Ten days earlier, 161 fishermen from North Korea were arrested. At that time, there was a shooting change between the border guards and the boat crew. Three Russians and one North Koreans were injured and the fisherman later suffered his serious injuries. This time, however, there had been no injured, it was said.
The Communist North Korea is suffering from chronic food shortages. North Korean fishermen were therefore travelling in Russian territorial waters. This is where Russia's coastguard, according to its own data, is using patrols to protect its marine biological resources.
30,000 cephalopods seized
The new controls detected and confiscated 30,000 cephalopod fish on the boats. In addition, according to the data, three fishing vessels and two motor boats have been confiscated and brought to Folodka and Posjet at Vladivostok.
Russia's Fisheries Authority had not issued any fishing licences to the North Koreans this year, even following complaints from local entrepreneurs. According to the media, thousands of fishermen from North Korea have already been temporarily arrested there this year.
The head of the association of Russian fishing companies in the remote-eastern region of Primorje, Georgi Martynow, has also recently suffered severe ecological damage from North Korean fishermen. They fished with narrow-meshed synthetic nets banned in Russia. These would also remove small living organisms from the sea. In addition, the nets would simply be disposed of in the sea, where they would take 200 years to be decomposed.
Only 18 000 in the future: USA reduces asylum ceiling
The "most generous nation in history": Donald Trump, here at a meeting with elected police representatives in the White House.
The richest country in the world is banning itself from seeking protection: As the Foreign Ministry in Washington confirms, the upper limit for the legal entry of refugees will be further reduced. In future, asylum will be given to threatened believers and Iraqis in particular.
The US Government wants to reduce once again the already historically low threshold for the reception of new refugees. In the 2020 marketing year, which runs in the United States from October 2019 to September 2020, a maximum of 18,000 people are to be left in the land, as the US Department of Foreign Affairs stated. In the year that has now almost passed, the limit still stands at 30,000 people.
President Donald Trump's government has drastically reduced the readiness to take shelter from all over the world in recent years. Under Barack Obama's predecessor government, much higher reception limits had been achieved.
The targeted ceiling of 18,000 refugees would be the lowest since the introduction of the US refugee programme in 1980. Nevertheless, the Department of Foreign Affairs described the US as a "faithest and most generous nation in history," a phrase which strongly reminds the President-in-Office of the Council of the United States of America.
A "responsible approach" to refugees aims to allow refugees to return to their home countries in order to help them rebuild, said Mr Trump. He receives a lot of support from supporters for his hard course in migration policy, but there is also massive criticism.
A major point of contention is the border with Mexico, which wants to close Trump. In order to finance the construction of a border wall, Trump had imposed the national emergency. Whether there is a temporal relationship between the current measure and current domestic policy developments in the US capital is unclear. Trump is currently under pressure because of the Selenskyj affair and a possible threat of compulsory retirement.
The United States Government, according to the Foreign Office, intends to focus in future on the admission of two groups of refugees: People persecuted for their faith - and Iraqis who have come under threat from the US military in the country. A maximum of 1500 refugees are to be admitted from Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador.
The US wants to ensure that people from this "northern triangle" of Central America in particular apply for asylum in other countries. Against this background, the United States has only concluded migration agreements with Guatemala and now with El Salvador and Honduras in order to curb immigration on the US southern border to Mexico.
Court orders release of orang-Utan from Zoo
An orange-utan woman has been transferred from the former zoo of Buenos Aires to a collection station for human apes in the United States at the request of the Argentine judiciary. The 'Sandra' born in the Rostocker Zoo in 1986 was granted the rights of a 'non-human person', which is why it is imperative that they be released. The animal was transported by direct flight to Dallas on Thursday evening - not as a passenger, but in the cargo area, as the lawyer Andrés Gil Domínguez said.
Since the 53 kilogram of heavy human beings is unable to adapt to life in the wilderness, it will in future be in the hands of the Centre for Great Apes in Florida. There are already 21 other orang-Utans and 31 chimpanzees, including Bubbles, former pet of Popstar Michael Jackson. Before entering Florida, however, "Sandra" has to pass through a 40-day quarantine in Sedgwick County Zoo in Wichita in the US state of Kansas.
"Sandra" spent a few years in the former Ruhr zoo in Gelsenkirchen after her birth in Rostock before being transferred to Buenos Aires in 1995. The "Sandras" fundamental rights process launched in 2014 has helped to transform the Buenos Aires zoo into an ecomap. By 2023, a research and training centre will be set up to preserve biodiversity.
Record for Swiss extremberg risers: 550 metres in 46 minutes
The ExtrembergSteiger Dani Arnold, on the large tines in the Italian Alps, which are almost 3000 metres high, has suffered a new leap in husbandry.
Without a net, double ground or other aid, the Swiss forced the 550 metres high north wall of the Great Fiat in a new record time.
Jeans, T-shirt and Arnold needed 46 minutes and 30 seconds only for the rise. In doing so, he undertook the old best mark by almost 19 minutes.
Arnold is now a record holder in the Free Solo Speed on four of the six most important European northern walls.
Nike benefits from new online marketing strategy
The US sports article producer Nike has recorded a clear profit plus despite the trade dispute with China. Net profit increased to $1.4 billion in the previous quarter (almost EUR 1.3 billion). That is 25% more than in the previous period, as the group announced on Tuesday. This is mainly due to the new marketing strategy "Nike Direct," with which the Adidas competitor directly addresses its customers online.
Turnover rose to $10.7 billion in the three-month period up to the end of August. The largest increase in Nike sales was recorded in China with an increase of 22%. As a result, the Beaverton group in the US state of Oregon also benefited from its approach to address consumers directly via the Internet or Smartphone Apps.
Financial chef Andy Campion announced that, with strategic investments, Nike would continue to push ahead with the "digital transformation" of the sports article manufacturer, thereby increasing its competitive advantage. Investors reacted favourably to the quarterly figures - the shares of the sports article manufacturer increased by more than five per cent.
Lifelong ban on discrimination on grounds of racism in Italy
Because of racist comments about football profi Juan Jesus of AS Rome, the association from the Italian capital imposed a life-long ban on a fan. The defender, Jesus, from Brazil, had been attacked by the Fan to instagram. Jesus then published the private news and asked his club to take action. "@ officialasroma You already know what you should do with such a fan. # NoToRacism. Proud to be who I am, "wrote the 28-year-old who has been playing at AS Rome since 2016.
The association reacted on late Thursday. He had reported the account of fans to Instagram and the police. In addition, the Roma supporter should never again visit a game of association, the club wrote to Twitter.
Racism is a problem in Italian football. Italian fans regularly denounce racist convulsions against black players of rival crews. "We cannot have racism in society or in sport. In Italy, the situation has not improved, and that is very serious. You have to identify those responsible and throw them out of the stages, "said FIFA President Gianni Infantino at the weekend. The statement gave rise to racist convictions at the first liga consignment between Atalanta Bergamo and AC Florenz last Sunday.
But there had also been discussions on the supporters of Juventus Turin. The Italian authorities have now banned 38 riding fans of Record Mayor Juventus Turin by Stadion. Four of them should no longer enter the Stadium for a period of 10 years, the police informed. The rest are therefore subject to prohibitions of between four and seven years.
The fans are linked to ongoing investigations against 12 leaders of Ultra fishing groups around Juventus. The Twelve are being accused, among other things, of serious blackmail, money laundering and private violence. The club had launched the investigations with an announcement last year.
According to Italian media reports, the Ultra leaders are to hide behind the black trade in tickets. They would have "militarily controlled" the ticketing trade for the fishing curve and should have blackmailed Juventus staff to get cheaper cards.
Generation Z: Are they really different from generation Y?
Millials are narcist, generation Z is political - whole generations are being thought of with robust names. If you look more closely, the awards are full of contradictions. So how well do these labels describe young people's sense of life?
"The crabs come!" This reputation officially started on 21 September at the Gucheng Sea in Gaochun, with the launch of the 19th China Gaochun Gucheng Lake Crab Festival
Gaochun is one of the national environmental zones. The city is the first international 'slow City' in China, and here is the Chinese seat of the international 'slow City' movement. The city has ideal ecological conditions, with a mixture of "30 per cent mountains, 20 per cent water areas and 50 per cent fields." The great natural environment of Gaochun offers its inhabitants all the conditions to become rich.
The people of Gaochun started shrimp farming in the early 1990s. Over time, the crab industry has become a dominant sector, providing high incomes and becoming an important component of Gaochun's economic development. In recent years, Gaochun has been active in promoting large-scale ecological and scientific development of shrimp farming as well as technical-assisted shrimp farming. The city has also sought to promote greater efficiency in agriculture and farmers' incomes.
In recent years, Gaochun has embarked on a reform to "distribute power, optimise administration and government services," and with care the service network for "licensing under one roof, a team for law enforcement," In this way, the city aims to fully optimise the environment for permits, services and development.
Gaochun fully exploits the local benefits of linking to the southern Jiggu and the southern Anhui, and exploiting the development zone and its position as an international At the same time, Gaochun has promoted the development of a national tourist area covering all areas and of tourist destinations of national importance. In this context, the ecological and cultural resources of the Gaochun landscape have been integrated, the state of the buildings for civil services and the public service has been greatly improved, the areas of "tourism +" and "tourism" are It is worth looking forward to the future of Gaochun.
Iran-US conflict: Ruhani speaks of ending sanctions - trump contradicts
Iran's President Hassan Ruhani, following his return from the UN General Assembly, spoke of an alleged offer by the United States to lift sanctions. The United States would have envisaged an end to all sanctions in return for talks with the Tehran leadership, said Mr Ruhani on his official website.
However, US President Donald Trump contradicted the Iranian counterpart over Twitter: "Iran wanted me to lift the sanctions imposed on him so that there is a meeting. I said, of course, 'no'.
Mr Ruhani described what happened: Chancellor Angela Merkel, British Prime Minister Boris Johnson and French President Emmanuel Macron had been present in New York and had asked for a meeting. "And America says that I impose sanctions," added Ruhani. The nature of the sanctions that should be brought to an end has been the subject of debate. "And you have clearly said that we are lifting all sanctions."
However, this approach did not take place in an acceptable way, as Mr Ruhani criticised. In view of the sanctions in force and "the poisoned atmosphere of maximum pressure," no one could predict the outcome of negotiations.
At the beginning of the week, Chancellor Angela Merkel had met Ruhani in New York. The background was the hope of Europeans to save the nuclear agreement with Iran negotiated with Russia and China. This should prevent the Islamic Republic from developing nuclear weapons. France's President Emmanuel Macron, like Merkel on the margins of the UN General Assembly, had expressed the hope that Ruhani would meet US President Donald Trump.
Heavy earthquake near Istanbul - Fast 200 earthquakes
As Western Turkey has been shaken by two earthquakes in the shortest time, there is a growing fear of disaster. 34 people were injured at the earthquake on Tuesday. Since the earthquake on the previous day there have been almost 200 afternoons, the Turkish Vice-President, Mr Fuat Oktay, said on Friday. As a result, there is growing concern about a disaster.
14 schools in Istanbul had been closed for security reasons. Hundreds of buildings have therefore been damaged. On Thursday, the 5.8 earthquake hit the Marmara region off Istanbul and provoked panic in the millionmetropole. Now the government wants to set up a Commission to prepare the country better for earthquakes in the future, Mr Oktay announced.
In the past 20 years, Turkey has not been sufficiently prepared for earthquakes, said Istanbul's Mayor Ecrem Imamoglu. In the city itself, the latent danger is repeatedly ignored. Each year, poorly built dwellings fall down - among other things, caused by the many smaller earthquakes that regularly shoot Istanbul.
Town planners like the well-known architect Mücella Yapici have been warning for years that large open areas registered in the centre have long been built up. Not later than the 20th. Anniversary of the Gölcük earthquake in August, the building engineering chamber of Istanbul warned that an estimated one million buildings in Istanbul were not earthquake-proof.
The epicentre of Thursday's earthquake was in the Marmarameer before the district of Sivri and in about seven kilometres of depth, as the Civil Protection Authority informed Aways. A smaller post-earthquake caused even greater panic on the roads a few minutes later.
Istanbul Mayor Ecrem Imamoglu told Twitter that injury or damage had not been reported at first. The Head of State, TRT, showed people who ran out of homes in panic. Pupils were brought out of the buildings in the silivri district for safety reasons. Some pupils knew how to see pictures.
Istanbul is considered to be particularly vulnerable to earthquakes. Below the Marmaris is a section of the so-called North Anatolian disorder which marks the boundary between the Eurasian and the Anatolian earth plate. Turkey is constantly being shaken by earthquakes. One of the most fatal was the earthquake in 1999 in the vicinity of Istanbul. At that time, more than 17,000 people were killed.
Researchers fear that an earthquake of strength could threaten 7.1 to 7.4. But when the earthquake occurs is unclear. The earthquake on Thursday already hit the West of the country and Istanbul again.
Companies design emergency plans, private people have so-called Go-Bags ready-packed with everything that is needed next to door doors, and schools help children how to behave when the earth swings. When the next big earthquake comes, it is unclear.
The Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, after his return from New York, said that eight people had been injured. Some buildings would have suffered slight damage. Istanbul Mayor Ecrem Imamoglu followed the developments of the Istanbul disaster coordination centre (Akom). According to his information, two minarette of mosques collapsed in the districts of Avcilar and Sariyer.
Warning before post-earthquake in Istanbul
In the social networks, many users report panic. Buildings were shaked. Schools and hospitals were evacuated. Telephone lines were interrupted. It was more forceful than that of Tuesday, a user writes. The head of the Turkish Red Crescent, Kerem Clinik, warned by Twitter of aftermath. He called on people to stay away from buildings that had suffered visible damage.
According to official data, the time of the earthquake is given at 1.59 p.m. (local time). Only a few minutes after the first earthquake, according to CNN Turkey, there was a post-earthquake with a strength of 4.0 on the judge scale.
It was only on Tuesday that an earthquake of the order of 4.6 hit the Turkish Marshall region - it was felt until Istanbul. His epicenter, too, was in the west of the millionmetropole in Marmara, and the Civil Protection Agency, Aways, already informed us on Tuesday.
It was not the only earthquake that caused headlines on Tuesday: Pakistan was also hit by a serious earthquake.
Researchers expect a disastrous earthquake in Istanbul sooner or later - the tension between the tectonic plates is extremely high. Scientists believe that at some point it will unload - and cause massive damage.
The earthquake researcher, Mr Ersoy, expects the earthquake to be a warning. This had made it more likely, he said, to CNN Turk. "These could be the signs of a major earthquake," says Ersoy. "Sooner or later, the great heritage will come too."
A few weeks ago, there had been an incident - the earthquake also caused great concern in Istanbul. In Albania, moreover, only a few days ago there was a violent earthquake - there were 68 injured. This year, too, the Earth had inherited from the North Sea.
Parliament: New fuel in Ukraine affair
Two flagrant documents provide new inspiration in the Ukrainian affair for the possible abuse of power by US President Donald Trump. On the way to a possible deferral procedure, the US Democrats are strengthened: The complaint made by an anonymous indictor about Trump and its controversial telephone call against the Ukrainian President. Trump sees itself once again as the victim of a 'witch hunt'. He also doubted the credibility of the Whistleblower.
USA: Passengers locked into toilets by United Airlines - Flieger diverted
Because a passenger was locked in the board lavatory, a flight has been diverted from United Airlines. The WC door had been blocked during the 1554 flight from Washington to San Francisco, according to the US media.
In the event of an extraordinarily scheduled interim landing on Wednesday evening (local time) in Denver, the woman was finally released from the narrow cab. Around an hour she had been locked in it, wrote US media calling for other passengers. In order to return to San Francisco, passengers had to change the machine.
A video distributed on the Internet, which according to US media is to come from Flight 1554, shows how many people are trying to liberate the woman. "We are currently working to open the door," Ma'am. We will soon get you out, Okay? "Says a man. The airline had apologised to all passengers. First of all, it was open to question whether the woman would receive compensation.
Kakerlake: Inspired by Kafka: Ian McEwan writes Brexit-Roman
How is a writer like Ian McEwan dealing with all the Brexit chaos? He writes a book about it - and his protagonist is undeniable.
Inspired by Franz Kafkas's famous story 'The Relationship', the British Success author Ian McEwan (71) wrote a book on Brexit's chaos in Britain.
The novel "The Kakerlake" (original: "The Cockroach") would appear in German on 27 November, notified the Diogenes Verlag (Zurich). This was about the transformation of a man called "Jim Sams," who was ignored or hatred in his previous life, but is now once again the most powerful man in Britain. He sees it as his mission to translate the will of the people into action and, in doing so, he is wilfully determined to be free from nothing and no one.
McEwan was quoted as saying: "If Parliament is closed, so that the government cannot be challenged at a critical moment, when ministers lie shamelessly like the Soviet leaders, when the situation in Brexiteers There is only one answer to this: "Letter." It was only in the spring that McEwan published the novel "Machines like me" about Artificial Intelligence.
Kafkas's first published enumeration in 1915 is by Gregor Samsa, who watches a morning and sees himself "turned into an immense verdict." "Ian McEwan is prone to Kafka to describe a world that is headed," said Diogenes Verlag.
EU invests EUR 9.5 million in Austria's rail infrastructure
11.200 wagons in Austria and Hungary receive fly brakes to reduce noise pollution from freight trains. In addition, sections of the rail links between Graz and Györn and Wiener Neustadt and Sopron will be modernised and electrified.
According to the EU authority, this should make travel more comfortable and reduce CO2 emissions. The funds come from the EU's Connecting Europe Facility.
Thomas Cook: All journeys cancelled until 31October
The German tour operator Thomas Cook cancelled all journeys up to and including 31 October 2019 one day after his application for insolvency. Travel could "not be started for insolvency reasons," the company announced on Thursday evening.
It also affected bookings by the Marks Thomas Cook Signature, Thomas Cook Signature Finest Selection, Neckermann Reisen, ÖGER TOURS, Bucher Reisen and Air Marin, which are already As is the case with journeys starting from 1 November 2019, the company left open. In agreement with insolvency insurance, the way forward would be examined, he said.
Thomas Cook, in Germany, had entered the buck of the British parent company and had applied for insolvency on Wednesday. The company, including Neckermann Reisen, Öger Tours and Bucher Reisen, employs some 2000 people in Germany.
Insurers want to repay hotels as soon as possible
On the other hand, from this Friday, hotels abroad, which are currently hosting Thomas Cook holidaymakers, will receive money from the Zurich insurance scheme. According to Mr Zurich, payments to hotels are subject to the condition that tourists are no longer required to pay extra payments.
On the basis of the accounting information and without the presentation of separate invoices, hotels in the holiday places will now receive 50 per cent of the outstanding payments, as a lecturer from the Deutsche Presse Agency said. "This applies immediately and provided that Thomas Cook travellers from these hotels are not immediately invited to pay individual hotel bills or otherwise forced to do so," said spokesperson Bernd Engelien.
The insurance thus responded to reports from hotel passengers who, according to their own data, had been forced to pay their own accommodation on the ground. Some had to put more than EUR 1000 on the table. The German Travel Association (DRV) and the Federal Association of Consumer Centres had strongly criticised this.
How many hotels are affected will be agreed with the insolvent travel provider on Friday, said the insurance spokesperson. According to Thursday's information, 70 000 Thomas Cook flat-rate trucks from Germany were still on the road. The Zurich Deutschland has secured the leave and return of the Thomas Cook customers.
Insolvency managers want to try to continue the three Thomas Cook companies in Germany and find a solution for the future.
However, the payments to hotels that have now been announced by the Zurich Insurance are only helping the travellers who are still on the road. It is bad for Thomas Cook customers who still want to fly on holiday. On the late Thursday evening, the company announced that all journeys up to and including 31 October would be cancelled. This also applies to such bookings, which are already paid.
As is the case with journeys starting from 1 November 2019, the company left open. In agreement with insolvency insurance, the way forward would be examined, he said. In principle, insurance is also responsible for these cases. The sale of new journeys has stopped. DPA
The company refers to the insurer Zurich, who can be represented by Kaera. Customers could find out on the Kaera website about the ways in which the travel price can be reimbursed and make their claims through a web form.
Prince Harry destroys explosives in Angola
For a long time, Prince Harry has been continuing the commitment of Lady Diana. In Africa, he is now changing directly on the traces of his mother.
The British Prince Harry in Angola, with a blue anti-fragmentation jacket, has fired and destroyed a blasting mine in Angola.
Close to a camps of the British Halo Trust at Dirico, he produced the ignition circuit on Friday morning in front of current TV cameras. At a safe distance, the explosive exploded in the shava landscape without causing damage. Although the Halo Trust alone has destroyed more than 100,000 victims of the decades of bloody conflict in the African country, there are still more than 1000 mine fields that threaten the population.
On the fifth day of his Africareise, Harry subsequently wanted to transform Huambo directly on the traces of his mother Diana (1961-1997). With the same detonator who once accompanied his mother, he wanted to walk the way she went at the time. The images on which Princess Diana went through a clean minefield in 1997 went around the world. She, too, had demonstrated support for the Halo Trust.
Harry (35) and his wife Meghan (38) have been on a ten-day African island that began in the South African tourist metropolitan Cape Town since Monday.
Soaring Brexit negotiations: The risk of a no-deal remains acute
In fact, Premier Boris Johnson clearly stated that there will be no guarantee of a third postponement of the Brexit negotiations with him. But what statements are of eternal duration in the case of the polarizing British. The recent ruling of the Supreme Court in the United Kingdom is like a sword of Damocles over the Blondschpot. Its suspension of Parliament, in order to be able to carry out its Brexit course by the date of departure, was cancelled at the beginning of this week. And a law passed by Parliament obliges Johnson to extend the bilateral talks until 31 October in the event of failed negotiations with the EU. However, Johnson had categorically ruled out this again and again.
Boris Johnson still considers Deal possible
However, the pressure on Johnson does not seem to be appreciable. In the meantime, when visiting a hospital, he suggested that, in the event of non-unification, he would support an extension of the negotiations by the end of October:
Do you know that we will comply with the law?
At the same time, however, we are confident that we will leave the EU on 31 October.
And best with a deal. I am cautiously optimistic that this is going on.
And time is running out of the Brexit negotiators in Brussels. The EU and the British negotiators still have some six weeks to prevent Britain from leaving the European Union without agreement. However, the recent talks have not made any breakthrough again. An agreement between now and the end of October seems rather difficult to imagine. If the British Prime Minister does not break the law, there will be a further postponement of the date of departure. The opposition, however, does not trust the Prime Minister's words. It is afraid that, in the event of a no-deal, Johnson could somehow enforce the Brexit.
United States Authority: Further deaths from e-cigarettes
The number of deaths related to the use of e-cigarettes in the USA has risen to 12. Furthermore, there are now 805 confirmed and probable injured in this context, the US Health Authority informed CDC. According to a study in the New England Journal of Medicine, there were already over 900 people, some 500 of whom were confirmed. The cause of lung damage is still completely unclear. There has been no similar increase in lung damage in Europe. The complaints seem to be confined to users in the US.
Fear of new protests in Egypt grows
In millions of cases, Mohammed Ali's videos were shared in online networks. The construction contractor and actor living in Spain is calling for a 'People's Revolution'. On Friday, he called for further protests against President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi and the Egyptian military, accusing critics of corruption and mismanagement. Ali expects mass demonstrations with a million participants in central places in the country.
In any case, the security authorities are alarmed. There has already been an increased police presence in the centre of Kairos. Several underground stations remained closed and roads around the Tahrir centre were blocked. In the past few days, the police have stepped up their road checks and some of the pedestrians' mobile phones have searched for news and photographs related to the protests.
On 20 September, the demonstrators also met around the Tahrir Square.
Last weekend there were hundreds of protests in Cairo, Alexandria, Suez and Mansura. There has not been such an open protest in Egypt for years. Accordingly, the security forces reacted hard to this. According to the Human Rights Watch (HRW), almost 2000 people have been arrested since last week. Many of them were arbitrarily arrested - simply because they were 'in the wrong place at the wrong time', HRW reported more arrested on appeal to lawyers.
The organisation also criticised censorship in the North African country. So the government in Cairo is blocking websites and online services to prevent further protests against al-Sisi. The General has been governing the country since 2013, after plunging the democratically elected Islamist president Mohammed Mursi. Thousands of Islamists, opponents of government, bloggers and activists have been imprisoned and partially condemned in recent years.
Ocean Change: Arved Fuchs of Greenland Expedition
The Arved Fuchs polar researcher returned to his Greenland expedition on Friday. On his arrival at the port of Hamburg, he was welcomed by, among other things, the Skipper Boris Herrmann, who had brought Greta Tunberg's climate activist with the Rennycht 'Malizia'.
With a team of scientists, Fuchs has studied and documented the effects of global warming on his "Dagmar Aaen" sailing ship on the coasts of Iceland and Greenland in recent months.
The Fridays for Future Movement was a blessing, said the polar researcher. For years, he waited for the young generation to speak. It has been known for decades that the earth is warming up. Nevertheless, many acted as if there were a planet B.
"What happens at sea often takes place in the exclusion of the public," said Mr Fuchs. He and his team wanted to inform people about the effects of global warming and the pollution of the seas. In the expedition, among other things, a drone was used to measure Greenland's GLETSCHEREIS and to fish with nets to microplastic, he said.
In his "fight for sustainable and respectful exploitation of the world's seas," the polar researcher from Bad Bramstedt was awarded the Seadevcon Maritime Award during the Hamburg Climate Week. "For all of us who are concerned about the survival of the oceans, Arved Fuchs is a great example," said Skipper Boris Herrmann at the award ceremony. "He is a witness to the changes that have taken place in the Arctic in recent decades."
Expensive Spaghetti in Rome: Tourists paid €430 for noodles
EUR 430 for two tables of spaghetti with fish in a simple restaurant near the Engelsburg in Rome: That seemed too much for two Japanese tourists. The bill of EUR 80 has been paid by the two women, but it has been paid on Facebook, causing heated reactions.
"Such cases damage the reputation of Roms. We ask the police to investigate whether this is a fraud, "asked a spokesman from Federagit, the Association of Travellers in Rome, according to the Roman daily newspaper Il Messagero.
It was promptly the reaction of the restaurant owners. The Japanese had ordered not only spaghetti but also fresh fish, the local owner justified himself. However, this is not apparent from the invoice. A drinking allowance of up to 20% of the bill was also normal, said the host company.
A call in Ukraine, and everything has been broken? Us President Donald Trump could, after the turbulent discoveries of the last few days, actually be confronted with a compulsory retirement procedure, which the democrats would like to see through their investigation in the House of Representatives -
At the beginning of the scandal there is supposedly a telephone call with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Selenskyj. The accusation of the Whistleblower, who ultimately brought the US's complaint to the public with concern for national security and democracy, is monstrous. Press enquiries: Roy Worsley (Strasbourg) tel. (33) 3 881 73785 (Brussels) tel. (32-2) 28 42941 e-mail: Econ-press @ europarl.eu.int
The essence of this project is also reflected in the newsletter of the interview with Selenskyj, which has now been published, although it does not reflect the full text. However, the telephone call of 25 July is only one episode of a much larger history, in the centre of which, alongside Trump, his personal lawyer is mainly his: Rudy Giuliani.
History is starting from the point of view of the public in May 2019, when the New York Times of Rudy Giuliana's travel plans to Ukraine were reported. He wants to meet with the newly elected President Selenskyj in Kiev, and the lawyer himself knows very well that his intentions are sensitive. "We are not interfering in an election, we are interfering in an inquiry that we have the right to do," he says to the newspaper. It could be said that it is inappropriate, but "nothing is illegal." Giuliani wants Ukraine to pursue investigations for which there is little basis - "because this information will be very, very helpful to my client and prove helpful to my government."
The lawyer and former New York Mayor seem to have infected themselves with right-wing conspiracy fantasies fixed on Trumps's opponent in the 2016 election. However, this accusation has never been taken seriously.
This concerns precisely the investigations which Trump will speak so prominently on the telephone with Selenskyj in July. The version of Giulianis and the President is: The former Vice-President and currently awakening candidate for the presidential candidate of democrats, Joe Biden, as Ukraine's Chief Executive of the Obama administration, That is to stop the investigation he is responsible for of the gas company in whose supervisory board his son, Hunter Biden, worked. Biden, Sr. had blackmailed Ukraine financially to hide the corrupt machinations of his family.
In fact, the pattern was somewhat different. When Joe Biden called for the Ukrainian Public Prosecutor to go, the investigations against the gas company had already been completed, and Hunter Biden had never been directly affected. Schokin himself was also profoundly corrupt; the US Government was far from being the only Western partner to press for his release. Moreover, the Obama administration even explicitly supported the investigation of the company.
Disruption of Instagram Facebook and Whatsapp: Social media are down
Users worldwide report massive disruption to Instagram and Facebook. As a result, Germany, the United Kingdom and Spain are particularly affected. On the website, users report that Facebook has not always been loading since about 3.30 p.m. The error message also indicates that content could not be loaded. Whatsapp also appears to be affected by the disorder, although it has not so far been affected to the same extent.
Instagram and Co. More often affected by disorders
It is not the first massive incident this year. As early as March and July, the services had failed for several hours. As in previous cases, users use Twitter in particular this time to air their anger.
Polish scientists saved in the Antarctic
Three Polish scientists have been saved by the Chilean air force from the Antarctic ice. They were travelling with a inflatable boat and several miles away from their base when their engine failed. They were lucky in the accident - the Chilean rescue helicopter needed less than one hour for recovery.
Eduardo Mosquera, Commander of the 4th Chilean Air Brigade:
"At 9: 30, we received the news, we started ten years ago, and we were good 20 minutes late on the inflatable boat."
Poland has been operating the Henryk Arctowski Polish Antarctic Station in King George Island since 1977, with 19 scientists working there. The frozen researchers were certainly returned to their research station.
Warning: Smartphone NIE
Practical but harmful
Inductive technology via Qi standard is extremely practical but should not be used.
Finally, since several new smartphones have just come onto the market, which support wireless charging and sell very well - first and foremost the new iPhone-11 models - we would like to recall a study of early July The wireless loading of mobile devices is extremely practical, but not necessarily advisable.
Higher temperature adds accumulator
Researchers warn against the wireless loading of Smartphones. According to the findings of the Univerity of Warwick, this is extremely damaging to the equipment. The reason for this is the much greater heat development. If a mobile phone is normally loaded by cable, the battery heats to 27 degrees within three hours. In the case of wireless charging, however, the researchers have always measured over 30 degrees even when the smartphones are perfectly aligned on the loading pad. If the mobile telephone is slightly adjacent to the coil, the temperature rises even higher. In addition, the watt strength of the loading bath increases, which in turn increases the consumption of electricity.
Capacity and lifetime
According to the researchers, temperature is a crucial factor in the durability of accumulators. Each degree plays a part in this. When charging at higher temperatures, the battery not only falls in capacity, but also does not last for so long as a whole. The life cycle is therefore lower. The researchers therefore recommend that the smartphone should always be loaded by cable. Since the exchange of accents in modern smartphones always involves high costs, this is likely to be a useful tip. Apple has, last but not least, increased the cost of the exchange - for all iPhones.
Practically
The technology is extremely comfortable: Simply placing the device on a corresponding loading pad - these are already installed in many restaurants, airports, hotels and cars - and the battery is loaded without a ludicrous plug. Since Qi (stands for inductive energy transmission) is a worldwide standard, with exceptionally even apple, there are few restrictions. However, according to the researchers, the technology should only be used in exceptional cases.
Everest Stau photographer: 13 thousand in six months
A Nepalese mountains have, according to their own data, increased 13 of the 14 highest mountains in the world within only six months. Nirmal Purja (36) had reached the top of the Manaslu in Nepal and thus set up a record and informed his expedition organiser.
The former soldier wants to climb every 14 000 in seven months. Purja calls his "Mission Possible" project. He has already made international headlines: He comes from a photograph of mountains on the Mount Everest snake in spring.
The image of mass aggression triggered a debate on stronger security measures at the 8848-metre high mountain and highest summit in the world. In May, eleven climbers died on seizure within a few days.
A problem for Purja could be the seizure of the 14th century. Eighty thousand more: At present, Chinese authorities are blocking the Xixabangma mountains in Tibet. The reason for this is, among other things, bad weather. At the beginning of week, Purja wrote to Twitter that Nepal's government wanted to talk to China in order to allow him to rise.
Four dead elephants discovered in Sri Lanka
Among the dead animals, a pregnant elephant cow was also reported by a police officer on Friday. "We suspect that elephants were poisoned."
The four cadavers were found in a protected area close to the famous and visited by many tourists, Sigiriya. According to the police officer, the animals were probably between 15 and 25 years old. An autopsy was ordered to determine the cause of death.
In Sri Lanka, nearly 200 elephants are killed every year. The perpetrators are often farmers on whose land the animals had previously been held innocent. At the same time, around 50 people are killed annually by elephants. This is usually done when the animals draw through villages built close to their habitat.
It is estimated that only about 7,000 elephants still live in Sri Lanka. In theory, they are punished by the death penalty.
Arrested British oil tanker leaving Iran
The British oil tanker 'Stena Impero' leaves the port of Bandar Abbas more than two months after it has been arrested by Iran. This was announced by the Bandar Abbas Maritime Office, according to the IRNA news agency. On 19 July, the Iranian Revolutionary Guards set the British-flagged tanker under the accusation of disregard for rules of the law of the sea in the Persian Gulf.
Thomas Cook's management in criticism
The Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy of the House of Commons wishes to examine fully the pains of the travel giant Thomas Cook. It is intended to deal with the salary packages of the Bureau as well as the question of why the British Government was unable to give financial support to the company struggling to survive. "Our interest is in company supervision as well as control by external auditors," said Committee Chairman Rachel Reeves in London. "It seems that we are dealing with a bad example of management giants."
According to experts, genes are overestimated in the risk of intestinal cancer
The role of genes in the increased risk of intestinal cancer seems to have been overestimated. This concludes with researchers from the German Cancer Research Centre (DKFZ) Heidelberg in a recent study. Other risk factors, such as family dietary habits, are likely to weigh more heavily than previously assumed. This has consequences for individual intestinal cancer risk calculations, the DKFZ scientists stress.
Elon Musk Shows Tesla Shares
Musk wrote this in an e-mail to Tesla employees published on Thursday (local time) by the branch blog "Electrek." Demand was strong, so Tesla could record 110 000 orders, but it continued in Musk's circular.
The challenge is to bring cars quickly to the customers. To this end, Tesla had to offer as much resources as possible at the end of the quarter.
Investors knew the information: Tesa's shares went out of trading with an increase of more than six per cent. This has not been the case for almost four months. In the second quarter, Tesla had delivered over 95 000 cars, reaching its best value so far.
MuSK needs records in order to achieve its high objectives. In 2019, he wants to export a total of 360 000 to 400 000 cars. For this, six-digit figures will have to be produced in the current and next quarter. In particular, the most favourable Tesla Model 3 is required, but here the profit margins are low. Despite the boom, there were last losses.
Does the British Government want to circumvent Brexit law? Withholding Johnson
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson is hiding over the possibility of circumventing the last law passed by Parliament against an unfair Brexit. In response to a question of this kind, he just told journalists on Friday that his government will abide by the law in force.
The law stipulates that the government must request a postponement of the date of exit if no agreement with the EU is reached by mid-October. Johnson criticises this as a "capitulation law," which makes the negotiations with the EU more difficult.
The former British Prime Minister John Major said on Thursday that Johnson could try to use 'political harassment' to circumvent the law. He called on the Commission to put forward a proposal for a directive on the protection of workers from the risks related to exposure to carcinogens at work.
Johnson said he wanted a treaty with the European Union. "We are confident to leave the EU on 31 October, and the best way is through an agreement."
Iran seems to drive up uranium enrichment
Iran's President Hassan Rohani has increased pressure on the European contractors in the dispute over rescuing the historic nuclear agreement. "Unfortunately, European states show inability or lack of willingness when it comes to concrete action," said Rohani at a press conference in the margins of the UN General Assembly in New York on Thursday. In the event that they were not in line with their promises, he promised "further steps" away from the agreements of the laboriously negotiated 2015 agreement.
The background is the conflict over the international agreement to prevent an Iranian nuclear bomb, which in return contained the promise to Teheran to normalise economic relations. In 2018, the US unilaterally exhibited the agreement to force Iran to change course in the Middle East policy considered aggressive with "maximum pressure." President Donald Trump's government wants to negotiate a new agreement with tougher conditions and has now reinstated tough sanctions against Tehran. Iran last responded with a resurgence of the treaty's limited uranium enrichment.
The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) confirmed in a report that the Islamic Republic has now also used, or at least prepared, the centrifuges installed at the beginning of September with uranium. According to IAEA data, Iran is also preparing the construction of more than 300 additional centrifuges.
Perhaps Europeans are not prepared to bear their part of the deal, and therefore left the Iranians alone, with the costs and the burden of US sanctions, supposedly Rohani. However, there would still be further discussions that would hopefully be a solution.
Rohani continues to deny Iran's involvement in attacks in Saudi Arabia
However, following an attack on an important oil plant in Saudi Arabia, the geological situation changed in mid-September: Germany, France and the United Kingdom followed on Monday the US assessment that Tehran had a responsibility for the attack. Initially, the Iranian-backed Huthi rebels in Yemen had committed themselves to the attack, but this was regarded by the United States as a false commitment. "We have nothing to do with it," Rohani confirmed his position on Wednesday.
"Those who make such accusations must provide evidence of this," said Rohani. This, however, would not have been secured by the European leaders in the discussions with him during the UN general debate. Instead, they would only have invoked the fact that the rebels in Yemen could not carry out an attack such as this. In recent days, Rohani has met Chancellor Angela Merkel, French President Emmanuel Macron and British Prime Minister Boris Johnson.
Before possible talks with US President Trump, the US administration's far-reaching sanctions would first be lifted, according to Rohani. He called on the Washington Government to move towards a policy of 'dialogue and reason'.
Comet of other star crosses solar system
Astronomers are currently watching a comet from the deep of the world. That did not happen before. The comet allows conclusions to be drawn on other solar systems.
What was initially only one presumption is now confirmed: An interactive guest crosses our solar system. The comet of the depth of space, after its discovery, was bought to 2I / Borisov and has aroused the interest of astronomers around the world.
The most sophisticated comet was discovered on 30 August by the Amateurastronomer Gennadi Borissow at the Margo Observatory on the Crimean, with a self-constructed telescope of 65. Follow-up by various observatories confirmed not only that it is an unknown comet, but also that it is not from our solar system.
2i / Borisov, according to the 2017 Oumuamua, is only the second interactive object that was sighted on a flight through our solar system.
2i / Borisov offers astronomers the rare opportunity to see a foreign solar system from the vicinity, before losing sight of it. Preliminary observations show that the interpositional commentary resembles that of our own system, as reported by the Canaries disaster physics institute. "The current speed of the comet is high, around 150,000 kilometres per hour, which is well above the typical speeds of objects surrounding the sun."
The comet, according to the analyses, is travelling on a so-called hyperbolic road that leads it out of our system - and clearly intersites, as the International Astronomical Union (IAU) announced. It is also responsible for the designation and categorisation of celestial bodies. In order to celebrate his discovery, the interpositional silence star, which had first been led under Catalogue No C / 2019 Q4, was given the name 2I / Borisov, the first part of the
The astronomers are lucky: Unlike 1I / 'Oumuamua, 2I / Borisov has already been sighted in the flight. For example, researchers have many months to study. "The object will reach the highest brightness in mid-December and will be seen by April 2020 with medium-sized telescopes," explained Farnocchia. "Then, by October 2020, we will see only larger, professional telescopes."
Several observatories have already targeted the visitor. For example, a team around Karen Meech from the University of Hawaii, which had already conducted the characterisation of 1I / 'Oumuamua, determined the diameter of the celestial object in a first study Photographs of the Gemini Observatory on Hawaii show a clear silence of the comet.
Researchers at the Aerophysical Institute of the Canary Islands (IAC) have already gained a first so-called spectrum from the interpositional welding star, which provides a kind of fingerprint of its chemical composition. "The spectrum of this object resembles that of comets of our solar system, and this indicates that its composition must be similar," reported IAC researcher Julia de León. This observation suggests that comets in other solar systems could be shaped by similar processes as in our colleague, de Leóns, Javier Licandro.
The discovery of two or more interdisciplinary visitors within just two years indicates, according to the IAU, that these objects could open up a new way of exploring certain processes in other solar systems. However, it is still difficult to assess how often such brokerage visas are. One of the next interdisciplinary visitors could possibly intercept a planned satellite mission by the European Space Agency (Esa).
By 2028, the Agency intends to place the three-part space probe "Comet Interceptor" on a waiting position of 1.5 million kilometres from the Earth (German, for example, Comet interceptor). According to the Esa science director Günther HASINGER, it is intended either to sow a fresh comet from our own solar system that is still untouched, or to an interactive visitor such as
First landing on Pekings New Mega Airport Daxing
The time has come before the 70th birthday of the People's Republic: On the new Mega Airport in the south of the Chinese capital, a first crew of China's United Airlines has arrived, a special honour for
By 2022, approximately 45 million passengers will be handled at the new airport every year, and by 2025 it will already be 72 million. China's President Xi Jinping personally announced the opening of the 450 billion expensive project. China's recent prestige project is also called "Seesters" because of its six-armed building structure.
The complex has four runways, which will be extended to seven later, and is equipped with the largest automatic air traffic management system in the world. A new submarine transports passengers to Beijing's inner city in only 20 minutes.
Even during the building, the Chinese had repeatedly said that Berlin could learn from Beijing. The opening of the main airport in Germany, which has been in construction since 2006 - and much smaller - has been postponed time and time again. In Beijing, on the other hand, a first passenger machine was launched after four years.
New supersonic aircraft should fly in 2030: Four and a half hours from London to Sydney
From London to Sydney in just four and a half hours - the UK Space Agency dreams of that. For the 2030 "s, this flight at supersonic speed will be able to provide a special drive (Synergetic Air-Breathing Rocket Engine, Sabre) from the "That is the technology that this could definitely achieve," said Agenturchef Graham Turnen to the transmitter. "We are talking about the 2030s for commissioning and work is already very advanced."
In order to promote the project, the UK Space Agency intends to work more closely with the Australian Space Agency. A flight from the British capital to the Australian metropolitan area currently lasts about 20 hours. As the only supersonic aircraft for passenger transport to date, the Concorde covered the New York-Paris route from 1976 to the end of 2003 and took three to three and a half hours for this purpose. In 2000, an accident occurred at the launch of a Concorde at Charles de Gaulle Paris Airport, which killed all 109 passengers. Last year, US aircraft builder Lockheed Martin announced plans to develop, together with the US Space Agency Nasa, a supersonic aircraft, the "X-Plane." Virgin galactic also has such developments in the programme.
"Sabre will make the world smaller with its high-speed point-to-point transport," writes Reaction Engines, among other things, on its home page. The Sabre drive could be used for efficient travel at a speed of Mach 5 - five times as fast as the sound. In addition, such aircraft could also be used outside the Earth's atmosphere, allowing the "next generation of truly reusable space equipment."
Turmoil in Washington: Trump wants to trace anonymous tickers in Ukraine's affair
In the Ukraine affair on the possible abuse of power by the US President, Donald Trump wants to detect possible leaks in the White House.
"I want to know who gave the information to the Whistleblower," said Trump on Thursday before US envoy at the United Nations in New York. The person concerned was almost "a spy," and in the past they were "a bit different" than they are today.
This was seen as an attempt at intimidation against tickers. The event was not actually public. However, several US media disseminated audio cuts from the address on Friday. Democrats reacted outraged to what the President said.
The democrats in the United States House of Representatives had announced on Tuesday preparations for an early retirement procedure against Trump. Their accusations are based in particular on a written complaint from an anonymous secret officer who raises serious accusations against Trump and its central government. On the basis of great public pressure, the signatures of the indictor were made public on Thursday.
As part of its work, the Whistleblower wants to have received information from several government staff, according to which the US President "uses the power of his office" to get another country to interfere in the US election in 2020.
At the heart of the accusations is a contentious telephone call between Trump and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Selenskyj at the end of July, in which Trump, his counterparts, This is about Bidens son Hunter's previous business in Ukraine and alleged efforts to protect his neighbour from the Ukrainian judiciary. Biden is at the forefront of the race for the democratic presidential candidate for the 2020 election.
The Whistleblower also accused the White House, in view of the Ukraine's telephone call, of concealment: Senior government officials would have tried to keep the exact wording of the conversation under the ceiling. As usual, an electronic text protocol has been prepared. However, this was removed after the interview on the advice of lawyers from the White House from a database normally provided for this purpose and was instead stored in a specially protected system. So far, only a rough discussion record has been published.
The identity of the declarant is not publicly known. The New York Times reported that it should be a member of the external secret service CIA.
Trump once again questioned the credibility of the source on Friday. In a series of Tweets on the subject, the President wrote, among other things, that the so-called Whistleblower had disseminated information from the second hand, which would have turned out to be incorrect. As a result, there may be no tips or spies at all.
However, as Trump said in New York about those who were supposed to have given information to the Whistleblower, there was outrage. The Chairman of the US House of Representatives, Nancy Pelosi, was worried and complained that Trumps's statement was once again undermining the integrity of the government.
Various investigations into trump and its surroundings have been going on in various committees in the House of Representatives for months. In the face of Ukraine's accusations, the democrats are now making a fresh effort to initiate a possible deferral procedure against Trump.
"The Whistleblower has given us a roadmap for our investigation," said the head of the secret service committee in the House of Representatives, Adam schick. Trump took a sharp attack on the ship, accused him of making a false statement and again called for the chairman of the committee to resign. Trump regularly loaded the ship and had already asked for it to be withdrawn months ago.
More than 300 former US officials from the security and foreign policy fields, most of whom worked under democratic, but also under Republican presidents, took part in a statement published on Friday, backed up by an investigation by the Democrats. If the accusations were true, it would be "an unscrupulous abuse of power" by Trump, he said.
There is no precise timetable for the further procedure. By a majority in the House of Representatives, democrats could make a so-called impeachment process. However, the decision on actual compulsory retirement would be taken in the Senate, where Trumps Republicans have the majority. The prospects for success of such a process are therefore low. So far, no US president has been denounced by an impeachment procedure by the Office.
VW Works Council: "Creeping" jobs
The plans of the VW brand to further reduce costs in production could be at the expense of manufacturing in Germany and Europe. This worries the car manufacturer's works council. The brand wants to reduce its annual production costs by EUR 2 billion from EUR 10 billion by 2023. Of this, EUR 500 million will be saved this year.
One key to this is personnel costs. The "Future Pact" negotiated between the company and the works council in 2016 already provides for the dismantling of 14,000 jobs in Germany alone by 2020. In principle, a job can only be cut down by the car manufacturer if it is shown that the related activities are no longer necessary. In addition, employment security is valid until 2029.
However, as our newspaper has now learnt from works council circles, jobs in production, which are not actually available, are being cut down 'smoothly' by another route - that is to say, by the official route. In this way, vacant regular posts would often not be re-filled.
The works council had no possibility of enforcing reappointment in such cases. In the meantime, there is a shortage of staff in many places, and the compaction of work admits that the concerns about the gradual bleeding-out of the plant would be greater. This also increases the fear that car production could gradually be withdrawn from Germany and Europe because it is more favourable in other parts of the world. According to VW, "the volume of employment is adjusted in a socially acceptable way along the demographic curve, as agreed."
The VW brand wants to standardise production even more globally and control new projects centrally. This will also reduce costs and speed up decisions - the aim is to increase productivity and hence competitiveness. Production director Andreas Tostmann said at a Managerial Conference in Berlin: "In uncertain times from Brexit to the threat of trade war between the US and China, we are well advised to crack."
For example, this year, for the first time since 2013, production costs per vehicle would fall compared with the previous year. Before journalists, Tostmann said that the production time for the Gulf 8, to be presented in Wolfsburg on 24 October, was reduced by 1.1 hours. VW does not give exact figures on the duration of production, according to our newspaper, it is about 7 in the Gulf.
The elimination half-life is approximately 20 hours.
In our region, Wolfsburg is the only VW factory in which cars are produced. The Braunschweig and Salzgitter plants produce components. For Wolfsburg, VW-internally, the rule is that 800,000 cars must be built there every year so that the plant is satisfactorily profitable. In 2018, however, the capacity utilization in Wolfsburg was only around 700,000 vehicles, due to the fall in diesel demand and the problems of switching to the new consumption and exhaust gas testing method WLTP.
However, as Tostmann announced last year, 'prospective' cars in Wolfsburg are expected to roll one million cars out of line. This is intended to make it possible to combine the production of golf in the parent plant - because the Zwickau plant supplies the production of golf by converting it to the site for the production of e-cars.
In addition, in Wolfsburg, SUV Tiguan and Tarraco (Seat) are produced. However, sales figures for the Gulf and Tiguan have recently declined. So expectations now rest on the Gulf 8. Despite all efforts to build e-mobility, it is to remain the bread and butter car of Wolfsburger for the first time.
Forced by Voodoo to prostitution: Traffickers sentenced
Young women from Nigeria have been harassed, drained into the Ruhr and forced into prostitution. Six alleged traffickers of human beings must be imprisoned for this.
Six alleged human traffickers from Nigeria were sentenced to imprisonment and imprisonment for up to eight years and three months in Bochum on Friday. The accused had forced young women from Nigeria into the Ruhr and forced prostitution. In order to force their deafness, the Nigerians who wanted to leave had to swallow a ritual sword in their homeland before a Voodoo priest.
The victims were between 17 and 22 years old. They were brought across the Mediterranean with the help of Libyan smugglers in inflatable boats. However, the dream of a better future was not fulfilled. In Germany, they have been distributed over several bordels in order to cover the alleged smuggling costs of EUR 25 000 on average. They were therefore completely deprived of the wage.
The accused - four men and two women - had admitted the intrusion and subsequent distribution of young Nigerian women to Bordelle in the trial. "The work made women physically and psychologically difficult to create," said Judge Isabel Hoffmann in making judgments. "Some were correctly opposed."
The judgments are in the form of trade-related and band-based imprisonment of foreigners, trafficking in human beings, impunity and severe forced prostitution.
UFO calls for negotiations with Lufthansa
FIM's continuous dispute with the Air thansa group has once again threatened the Ufo airline supervisors' union with strikes.
If the company did not return to the negotiating table, the trade union would 'inform the LH group on 14 October of the action taken by the LH group,' informed the Ufo board Daniel Flohr on Friday. Airthansa and its subsidiary Eurowings have been refusing to engage in collective bargaining with Ufo for months. It is also a question of whether the union has legally denounced collective agreements in Air thansa.
On this point, Ufo has now become stronger following a decision by the Labour Court, Frankfurt. Lufthansa wanted to point out that the collective agreements were not terminated. The Court dismissed the applications. The company confirmed the decision and examined the appeal against it. "I find it unlikely that a second court will see the matter in a completely different way," said Mr Flohr, the Ufo bureau.
In August, Air thansa also submitted an application to the Frankfurt Regional Labour Court for judicial review of the status of Ufo as a trade union. The company argues that the union has not established a representative board for months and is therefore not in a position to fulfil its role as a collective partner.
This was followed by a strong management dispute in the Savings Union, during which many members of the board of directors and the Advisory Council resigned, including the long-standing trade union leader Nicoley Baublies. Because of the doubts about their leadership, the Ufo had suspended a vote which had already begun on strikes by Cabinet staff at Eurowings at the end of July.
Facilitated entry: Saudi Arabia announces new visa system
So far, Saudi Arabia has not been known as an international tourist magnet. But that is now going to change. The country in the Persian Gulf wants to introduce new visa provisions.
With a new visa system, Saudi Arabia wants toattract more international tourists in the future. By 2030, the Commission announced that it would increase the number ofinternational and domestic visitors to 100 million per year.
"Opening Saudi Arabia to international tourists is an historic moment forour country," said President of the Tourism Commission, Ahmad Al-Chatib.
Saudi Arabia has so far been difficult to access to tourists. Visas are usually given only for short business trips, religious pilgrim trips, or visitors to relatives in the desert state. With the new rules, the ore-conservativeKingdom is hoping for more revenue from tourism business. According to Mr Riad, he wants to reduce his dependence on oil trade.
In mid-September, several missiles and droughts hadmet two of the most important oil deposits in the east of Saudi Arabia: The country's largest oil refinery inAbkaik and Churais. As a result, national oil production collapsed dramatically, and oil prices soared. It should take several weeks for the Kingdom's oil productionto return to its old level.
Justin and Hailey bibber are in the process of preparing for wedding
Singer Justin Bleber (25) and his wife Hailey (22) prepare for their wedding. The model posted several partyphotographs in its Instagram Stories on Thursday (local time), on which it can be seen in the white wedding look. Reality-Star Kendall Jenner (23) and others, according to the People magazine, had organised a young company leave in Los Angeles.
Justin posted several old, banana-printed suits on instagram and asked his supporters: "Help me to choose my shooting for life." According to media reports, the Promi couple wants to marry church next weekend.
The bidders gave their 'yes' word a year ago in a New York office. There was no greater festival at that time.
In an interview with the Australian Vogue, Hailey recently stated that, after initial problems, the two had found a common level: "If you don't want to compromise, you cannot have a relationship."
Two deaths from aircraft crash in the Czech Republic
Two people died when a small aircraft collapsed in the west of the Czech Republic. On Friday, the wreck had been discovered in a forest area in the town of Mecin (Metschin) and the police had been informed. The dead were a 38-year-old woman and a 64-year-old man.
The authorities had been looking for the machine since Thursday evening after the GPS crew had sent an emergency signal. A military helicopter was also involved in the search. The cause of the accident has yet to be determined. The point of fall is around 30 kilometres south of Pilsen (Plzen) and 100 kilometres north-east of Regesburg.
Half of Europe's tree species are threatened with extinction
In addition to pests, diseases, alien species, unsustainable logging and urban growth caused the threat, the World Natural Protection Union (IUCN) reported on Friday in Brussels. It has examined the stocks of all 454 species known in Europe. 265 of these do not occur on any other continent. Of these 265, 58% were threatened. 66 would already be at the highest level of risk and therefore before extinction.
The IUCN classifies endangered species into six categories: From "potentially at risk," "at risk," "at risk of extinction," and "extinction" to "extinction. In total, it likes more than 28 000 animal and plant species worldwide as being at risk.
Eberesche und wilde Rosskastanie threatened
In Germany, the main threat is Eberesche (Sorbus), said one of the authors, David Allen, of the Deutsche Presse Agency. "Most are threatened because populations are small in any case or because of the transformation or weakening of their habitats."
It is also bad for the wild ordinary Rosscastania. They have been considered "at risk" since 2017, stage two of the IUCN scale. In addition to a fungus, the most serious threat is the Balkan mini-motto. It has spread from south-east Europe to the whole continent since the 1980 "s and has little natural enemies. IUCN estimates the number of wild Rosskastania (Aesculus hippocastanum) in Europe to less than 10,000 copies. This assessment does not take into account trees in cities, parks and allies.
Beach species and moose also in danger
The IUCN scientists also produced new European Red Lists for molluscs, shellfish and moose. More than a fifth of molluscs and moose and almost half of all beach species are under threat, according to the IUCN. This is mainly due to the destruction of wilderness, introduced species, agricultural practices and climate change. Molluscs and snails played a key role in the recycling of nutrients in the soil and are an important source of food for birds and other animals.
"This report shows that the situation is precarious for many overlooked and underestimated species, species that form the backbone of the European ecosystem and contribute to a healthy planet." "We must limit the impact of man on our ecosystems and make the protection of these species a priority."
Earthquake before Istanbul: 34 injured
In the recent earthquake in Turkey, 34 people have been injured. According to the figures, there were no deaths. Dozens of people should have left their homes, and 14 schools in Istanbul had been closed for security reasons, said Turkish Vice-President Fuat Oktay on Friday.
Hundreds of buildings have therefore been damaged. Since the earthquake on the previous day, there have been almost 200 earthquakes. On Thursday, the 5.8 earthquake hit the Marmara region off Istanbul and provoked panic in the millionmetropole.
Now the government wants to set up a Commission to prepare the country better for earthquakes in the future, Mr Oktay announced. In the past 20 years, Turkey has not been sufficiently prepared for earthquakes, said Istanbul's Mayor Ecrem Imamoglu.
Istanbul is considered to be particularly vulnerable to earthquakes. Below the Marmaris is a section of the so-called North Anatolian disorder which marks the boundary between the Eurasian and the Anatolian earth plate.
One of the worst earthquakes was one of the strengths of 7.6 in 1999 near Istanbul. The epicenter was then located in Gölcük south-east Istanbuls. More than 17 000 people were killed.
On Tuesday, an earthquake of 4.6 had shaken the region around Istanbul. The authorities called on residents to stay away from damaged buildings.
Super Bowl 2020: Jennifer Lopez (JLO) and Shakira appear in the mid-term show
The Latin pop singers Jennifer Lopez and Shakira will lead the mid-term show of the next American Football Finals Super Bowl. This was announced by the singers at Twitter. "It won't get bigger," Shakira wrote to a photo of yourself and Lopez. She was mad enough to stand on the super-Bowl stage. It will be so in Miami on 2 February 2020.
Jennifer Lopez said she had dreamed of joining the super Bowl since 1996, when she saw Diana Ross flying in the sky at the mid-term show. "Now it is even more important because the NFL is 100 years old and I will perform with another Latina." She could hardly expect "to show what we can do to girls on the world's largest stage."
In a statement, Shakira pointed out that she was honoured to stand alongside another artist on one of the world's largest platforms and to represent Latinos and Latinas from the US and the world as a whole. "And then on my birthday!" The main sponsor of the event wrote to Twitter that it was the first time that the two "Queen" were together on one stage.
Shakira comes from Colombia. Jennifer Lopez was born in New York and her parents come from Puerto Rico.
Fight against falling audiences
The super Bowl is the culmination of the American Football season. The game and the mid-term show are one of the most popular TV broadcasts in the US. Although the number of spectators has fallen recently, this February, the spectacle in the United States has attracted the least spectators for more than ten years. Nevertheless, almost a hundred million people were still on average.
As regards the mid-term show of the last Super Bowl, there had been an outrage: In the quarterback Colin Kaepernick dispute last February, Caranna did not want to appear. Finally, Popgroup Maroon 5 conducted the mid-term show - the criticisms were not very friendly.
Kaepernick, then Quarterback of San Francisco 49ers, went before the NFL Games at the National Anthem in protest against police force and racism in 2016 / 17. With his protest, Kaepernick triggered a movement, and many players took over the gestures. This caused great excitement, and US President Donald Trump harshly attacked the mostly African-American football stars. Kaepernick himself has been united since March 2017 and has no longer disputed the NFL share. He accuses the clubs of not wanting to accuse him for political reasons.
Cook-Pleite: Hotels get money from insurance
Some banks are likely to find the passport of Thomas Cook, according to a press report, expensive. There is a risk of high depreciation on outstanding borrowings and credits. This also affects credit Suisse, writes the Financial Times in their edition of Friday.
Banks such as Barclays, Morgan Stanley, UniCredit and Credit Suisse are likely to have to make a total of up to £1.8 billion (around EUR 2 billion) on their books, according to the report. This would have been demonstrated by the consultant AlixPartners.
Creditors of bonds would have to accept depreciation of between £900 million and £1 billion and lenders of between £550 million and £825 million. The amounts actually to be written off are more likely to lie at the upper end of the margins, as one expert said.
The extent to which the losses of creditors will in the end be real will be apparent after the end of the insolvency proceedings. A person close to this procedure did not spill over much hope. For example, Thomas Cook's 40 or so aircraft in the UK were "old" and many of the real estate were in bad condition. We could probably get the most money from the sale of the airport slots and the Thomas Cook brand, he said.
Rackete to have brought alleged murderers to Italy
The Sea Watch captain Carola Rackete may have brought men to Italy who are supposed to have tortured and killed people in Libya. "We cannot rule out this, but even we have no secure information on it," said the spokesman of the refugee organisation Sea-Watch, Ruben Neugebauer, the news agency dpa.
Other migrants would have recognised the three men in Italy. They are accused of having raped, tortured and killed people in Libya. The alleged perpetrators were arrested in the reception centre in the Italian Messina. Neugebauer stressed that the refugee organisations could not check who they were leaving their vessels. "They come without passports."
Carola Rackete had illegally brought migrants to the port of Lampedusa on 29 June, bringing a ship from the Italian financial police. The three suspects will also have arrived on the day. Investigations are being carried out against the captain for aid to illegal immigration.
USA warn the Federal Government of HuaWei
The head of the US Federal Communications Commission (FCC), Ajit Pai, warned the Federal Government against trust in the Chinese network supplier Huawait.
We believe that the risks are too great, "said Pai of the" commercial leaflet "with a view to the creation of the new 5G mobile telephone network.
China had a "national security law" which required each company "under Chinese jurisprudence" to comply with instructions from the security bodies.
The current law also prohibits companies from informing third parties about such requests, "said the FCC Chief. This would make it very difficult to have confidence in the integrity of technical equipment and services.
The Federal Government has now agreed to ask suppliers for a "declaration of trustworthiness."
In the first place, Berlin wanted to try to control the risks, such as technical solutions, the "Commercial Journal" reports on the basis of its own information.
PAI doubts that this is possible. The 5G technology consists not only of hardware:
Software is particularly important to keep the equipment up-to-date. This software consists of billions of lines of program code that change over time, "said Pai.
"It would be" very difficult to imagine "that a government authority," wherever, would be able to check each individual update in real time to detect security risks, "said the FCC Chief.
He proposed that the Court should reply as follows:
The tenure conditions are opaque. The employee company, which allegedly belongs to the company, is not necessarily independent of the government, "said Pai.
The US had evidence that government staff were placed within the company. PAI was recently for talks in Berlin to promote the US position.
Chemical factory in northern France burns: Schools closed
In the night, residents hear explosions. A gigantic fire wall lights the sky over a northern French chemical factory. The fire is extinguished after hours, but the clearing work could take days.
After a fire in a chemical factory in the northern French town of Rouen on Thursday, the schools and crèches remain closed in the region.
In 12 municipalities, the facilities would not be opened on Friday, the competent prefecture informed. The Ministry of the Interior had asked citizens to stay in buildings as far as possible and not to expose themselves to smoke. There were no injuries. Farmers and breeders have been called upon to bring their animals to the interior, to protect their feed and to stop the harvest for the time being.
The fire was completely extinguished on Thursday evening, as the Prefecture informed. There is also a risk that odour widens after erasure, according to the prefecture to Twitter. According to the prefecture, 240 firefighters and 90 policemen and gendarms were in use at the site of the fire.
A gigantic black smoke column had previously been raised from the chemical factory. French media reported huge flames and explosions in the Lubrizol factory, which produces additives for oils. The production plant is a few kilometres away from the city centre.
The plant in Normandie, according to official information, belongs to the so-called Seveso category of hazardous sites which are subject to special monitoring. In the Italian Seveso near Milan, a devastating chemical accident occurred in 1976.
The prefect of the Normandie region, Pierre-André Durand, told the news transmitter, BFMTV, that initially no "high toxicity" had been found in samples. However, pollution of the nearby legs cannot be ruled out. In the river, dams had been built up against pollution, said the prefecture.
The fire had broken out early in the morning at 2.40 p.m., the authorities reported. The reason for this was initially unclear. Rouen is a regional metropolitan area and is situated on the coast of Paris and the port of Le Havre.
French Finance Minister: "Germany must invest and now"
The French Minister for Economic Affairs and Finance, Bruno Le Maire, has called on Germany to invest more in stimulating economic growth in the euro area.
Germany needs to invest and now, the sooner the better, "said Le Maire on Thursday evening when presenting the French budget for next year.
The Minister warned that the economy of the euro area was the weakest.
We must not wait for the economic situation to get worse in order to make the necessary decisions. "
Action should be taken by those states that have budgetary room for more investment, Mr Le Maire said, inter alia, with regard to Germany.
France did not have these margins, the Minister added, referring to its country's high public debt. This is more than 98% of gross domestic product. The French public debt had to be 'stabilized' and 'reduced', said Le Maire.
In recent years, France has repeatedly appealed to Germany to make more public investment in order to revive the European economy. In return, German politicians have repeatedly called on France to control its budget deficit.
The French budget for 2020, presented on Thursday, provides for tax relief of more than EUR 9 billion for households.
The French Government is thus responding, among other things, to the protests of the Yellow-West Movement. New debt is expected to fall to 2.2%, after expected 3.1% this year.
Is it still trying to trick? : Johnson leaves the question about Brexit tactics
The British Premier Johnson strongly criticises the 'Capital Law' adopted by Parliament.
Parliament is back, a law obliges the British Premier to avoid chaos-Brexit. Critics, however, fear that Boris Johnson could still use a loophole. The Tory politician, however, does not mention this possibility.
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson is hiding himself as to whether he wants to impose an unfair Brexit - despite the last law passed by Parliament, which is precisely what it is intended to prevent. President. - The next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions:
The law stipulates that the government must request a postponement of the date of exit if no agreement with the EU is reached by mid-October. Johnson criticises this as a "capitulation law," which makes the negotiations with the EU more difficult.
The former British Prime Minister John Major said on Thursday that Johnson could try to use 'political harassment' to circumvent the law. The Premier could use a trick of procedure to postpone the entry into force of the law to the time following the withdrawal of the EU. Johnson said he wanted a treaty with the European Union. "We are confident to leave the EU on 31 October, and the best way is through an agreement."
John's Chief Adviser Dominic Cummings, meanwhile, said that he felt that the political disputes surrounding the Brexit were "walking in the park" and we are confident that the EU's ambition will D. Red. "From the EU), no concern," said Cummings of the British newspaper "Telegraph."
Cummings, who led the Brexit campaign "Vote Leave" during the election campaign prior to the EU referendum in 2016, now acts as head strategy at Downing Street, UK government seat. He is to hide behind the uncompromising policy that led the Premier into a shameless situation.
"The Polaroid Diaries" by Linda McCartney
Jimi Hendrix, Bob Dylan or Janis Joplin - they were all in front of the camera of Linda McCartney, which has become one of the big rock photographs. But it does not always have to be the big glamour. The "The Polaroid Diaries" photograph is deeply embedded in the whole private world of the McCartney family.
Paul McCartney, who was married to her from 1969 to Linden in 1998, was clearly proud and stirred when he presented the image tape "The Polaroid Diaries in London in mid-September in Victoria. The new guests included Ringo Starr, stella McCartney, Olivia Harrison and Pretender's front questioner Chrissie Hyende.
After Launch Event, McCartney wrote at Instagram: "# ThePolaroid Diaries is a fugitive glory of the life of an extraordinary family from the time before Instagram.
At Linda McCartney, who had studied art history at the University of AHorizona until she was photographed, the camera was always there. Thousands of Polaroids have done it, some hundred of them are now published in The Polaroid Diaries for the first time.
They are portraits, silent lives, landscapes, several hamsters, a sheep in the kitchen and other INTERIEURS from the early 1970s to the late 1990s. "She wanted real moments," writes Ekow Eshun in his foreword. And, of course, one is always at the heart of the matter: Your husband Paul - as you may have never seen.
With his daughter, he tangs Mary on the shoulders, telephoned in the bathtub with a bag on the head, or wearing unlike moonboats. To be sure, the McCartney was an extraordinary family, but it also led to a normal life on its farm in southern England or Scotland, beyond the spotlight. According to BBC, Mary McCartney said that she would have slept as a baby in a bed that her father had stoasted out of old potato boxes. And it has not always been cleared up in the case of McCartney.
Like hardly any other medium, the poloraid camera captures the immediate moment. The photographs of Linda McCartney are certainly a family diary, but they are much more than just snapshots.
It is about the decisive click: You have to see if you are going through a great photograph in front of you. And then you have to kick it at exactly the right moment, "said Paul McCartney. "If you bend two seconds later or two seconds sooner, it can be a completely different photograph." And Linda would have been given to always catch the right moment. "She simply knew she had it," said Paul in the Eshun essay.
It is true that the light, the composition, the image section and the colours, which make the Polaroid Diaries not only an entertaining picture book for Beatles-Fans, but also a great museum. The perfect complement to the recently created Beatles Album "Abbey Road," which appeared exactly 50 years ago.
"We will continue to buy oil and gas from Iran"
Despite the US sanctions imposed on Iran, Turkey wants to continue to import oil and gas from the neighbouring country. Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, in an interview published on Friday, said that Turkey cannot stop importing oil and gas from Iran.
We will continue to buy our natural gas from there, "said Erdogan in New York, where he took part in the UN General Assembly.
However, Erdogan admitted that Turkey had problems in importing Iranian oil, as some companies had "withdrawn" because of US threats.
Nevertheless, "Turkey will continue our relations with Iran, particularly on this issue and many other issues," said the Turkish President, who repeatedly criticised US sanctions against Iran in the past.
The United States has been pursuing a policy of "maximum pressure" towards the Islamic Republic since its withdrawal from the international nuclear agreement with Iran. According to the US, Iran is following a nuclear program in secret and does not comply with the agreement.
Their sanctions have led to the collapse of Iran's oil exports and a serious economic crisis in Iran. In recent months, tensions in the Gulf have intensified considerably.
United States Government wants to limit the reception of refugees
The US Government wants to drastically restrict the reception of refugees. On Thursday, the US Department of Foreign Affairs declared that the annual ceiling for a resettlement programme should be reduced from the current 30 000 to 18 000 refugees. This corresponds to a cut of 40%.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs stated that the US would continue to be committed to supporting refugees. The main task, however, is to protect and serve US citizens. Press enquiries: Roy Worsley (Strasbourg) tel. (33) 3 881 73785 (Brussels) tel. (32-2) 28 42941
The US Government intends to focus in future on the inclusion of two groups of refugees: People persecuted for their faith - and Iraqis who have helped the United States military in the country, thereby endangering the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. A maximum of 1500 refugees are to be admitted from Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador.
Under the 1980 programme, refugees from UN camps are selected throughout the world and relocated in the United States. The ceiling of 18,000 refugees for the 2020 budget year would be the lowest in the history of the programme. The current ceiling of 30,000 is already a minimum value. When US President Donald Trump, Barack Obama, left the White House, the figure was just under 85,000.
Aid organisations reacted horribly to the announced lowering of the ceiling. "This is a very sad day for America," said the head of the International Rescue Committee, David Miliband. The US would thus continue to damage its leading role in protecting the most vulnerable people in the world.
Trump is trying to strictly limit immigration to the United States, both legally and illegally. According to its own data, the US Government expects 350,000 asylum applications for the next budget year. These figures are separate from the resettlement programme.
Donald Trump
Us President Donald Trump has accused sponsors of the Whistleblower affair of espionage. Anyone who has given evidence to the informant who accuses him of abuse of power, 'comes to a head,' said Trump, according to a record of a private event in New York on Thursday. Several US media have consistently reported this.
As a result, Trump spoke to staff of the United Nations mission. When he was asked about the person who informed the Whistleblower about controversial events in the White House, he replied: "This comes close to a tip." Then Trump added: "Do you know what we did in old times when we were sleeping? Yes. The spies and treasures, we had to deal with it a bit differently than we are doing now. "
Observers made the latter comment on a possible reference to the death penalty. The democrats made sharp criticism of Trumps' statements and accused him of intimidation of witnesses. It was also an attempt to hinder a Congress inquiry into a possible dismissal procedure against him, the chairmen of the committees on foreign affairs, secret services and supervision in the House of Representatives.
The Whistleblower accuses the President, in a complaint now published, of abusing his office in order to ask another country to interfere in the US election in 2020. More specifically, it is a question of his controversial telephone call with his Ukrainian counterpart, Volodymyr Selenskyj, in the summer. Trump denies any misconduct.
It is still unclear who is both the Whistleblower itself and its informant. However, as reported by the New York Times, the Whistleblower should be an analysts of the international secret service CIA.
Refugee boat cracked: Babies and young children drowning in Aegean
Time and time again, people are trying to get from Turkey to Greece via the Aegean Sea. At the same time, the often far too small boats regularly kill. Seven migrants - five of them children - have died on the fall of a tubular boat.
Before the Greek island of Chios, seven migrants died at the departure of a tubular boat. Among the deaths, one baby and four other children were also reported by the Greek coastguard. Four children, three women and five men could thus be saved from the floods of the crew of a travelling ferry.
Among the victims, the local news portal of Chios, Alithia.gr. The migrants had broken out of Turkey in the morning. They had tried to reach the small island group of Inouss in the north-east of the island of Chios. Inouss lies between Chios and mainland Turkey.
The countries from which migrants originate are not yet known. At present, hundreds of migrants from Turkey move to the Greek islands in the east of the Aegean, mostly in far too small boats. Last year, 174 people died on this route, according to the United Nations Refugee Assistance Agency (UNHCR).
The Who Breakdown Concerted
A US concert of Rockband The Who has come to an end for years because of the impotence of Leadsaller Roger Daltrey. In the middle of the meeting on Wednesday evening (local time) in Houston, his voice failed to do so. At the eighth Song, Daltrey told the public: 'I think I should leave it as long as it is still in progress'.
Lead guitar Pete Townsend asked for apology and added that Daltrey could "not speak" now. The audience promised Townsend to meet its costs in a redress concert. However, a date has not yet been set.
For Friday in Dallas and Sunday in Denver, the who voted out. They will be made up at a later date. The 75-year-old Daltrey and his 74-year-old bandCollege Townsend are the only remaining founding members. The British cultband formed 55 years ago.
Suddenly stopped renting: While Work clears real estate markets
In New York, WeWork has become the largest office tenant.
Within a few years, WeWork is growing from a small start to a driving force in the world's most expensive housing markets. But now the company is in crisis. Landlords must fear billions of revenue.
The crisis of the office rental WeWork threatens to disturb the balance in the world's largest housing markets. A few days ago, the company set aside the founder Adam Neumann as head, postponed the planned stock exchange course and started selling subsidiaries and securities like the private jet for managers to gain financial leeway for the coming weeks. In addition, the UK Financial Times report, among others, that WeWork has stopped the conclusion of new leases with immediate effect. Among other things, in New York and London, the largest tenant of office space is suddenly out of the market.
WeWork rents large office space in the long term and rents it to members in some small units in the short term. These can be individual freelancers, small start-ups or whole sections of large corporations. So far, WeWork burns money with this business at breathtaking speed. Last year, the company lost $1.6 billion, with a turnover of $1.8 billion. This year alone, rental costs are expected to have risen to $2.5 billion as a result of the rental of ever-growing large areas. In order to limit the loss, the new management will now have brought the emergency brake and halted the rental of new areas with immediate effect.
According to the Financial Times, WeWork has now concluded leasing contracts with maturities of up to 15 years, resulting in commitments of more than $40 billion. These huge liabilities could become a problem not only for the company itself and its investors, but for whole real estate markets.
According to calculations by economist Dan Alpert of the Cornell Law School in New York, WeWork, one of the world's most expensive real estate markets, rented almost 300,000 square metres of office space in the past WeWorks New Contracts alone ensured that the demand for offices in New York was greater than the new areas on the market during this period. Without WeWorks expansion, the office vacancy in the US metropolitan area would have increased during this period, as Alpert wrote in the Business Insider. The same is true in London, where WeWork is now operating several dozen office sites in the best position.
In the UK capital too, the balance on the real estate market could change appreciably without further expansion of the aggressive start-up package. Among other things, WeWork is the main tenant, in a book bought by the Savings Fund provider Deka last year for just under EUR 100 million, at the centre of the financial metropolitan area.
Many tenants have converted their real estate to the requirements of WeWork with high investment. If WeWork fails to make its business model profitable soon, real estate owners would probably have to write off some of the expected billions of revenues. They do not have access to WeWork's - already scarce - reserves, despite long-term rental contracts. The acquisition of each of WeWork's sites is usually carried out by subsidiaries, known as Special Purpose Vehicles, for which the parent company is liable only within narrow limits.
Russia again captured many North Korean fishermen
The Russian coastguard has once again acted against North Korean fishermen. In the past few days, a total of 262 detainees who had illegally fished in the waters had been arrested, according to Interfax, the Russian national secret service, FSB, reported to the Agency on Friday.
Only ten days ago 161 fishermen from North Korea were arrested. Previously, the border guards had been shot and three of them had been injured. This time there had been no injured, he said. The Communist North Korea is suffering from chronic food shortages.
North Korean fishermen were therefore travelling in Russian territorial waters. This is where Russia's coastguard, according to its own data, is using patrols to protect its marine biological resources. The new controls detected 30,000 cephalopod fish. In addition, according to the data, three fishing vessels and two motor boats have been confiscated and brought to Folodka and Posjet at Vladivostok. According to Ria Nowosti, in 2018, the coastguard found a total of more than 8,000 infringements.
The Russian Fisheries Authority had not issued any fishing licences this year to the North Koreans, even following complaints from local entrepreneurs. According to the media, thousands of fishermen from North Korea have already been temporarily arrested there in 2019.
The head of the association of Russian fishing companies in the remote-eastern region of Primorje, Georgi Martynow, has also recently suffered severe ecological damage from North Korean fishermen. They fished with narrow-meshed synthetic nets banned in Russia. These would also remove small living organisms from the sea. In addition, the nets would simply be disposed of in the sea, where they would take 200 years to be decomposed. Even the ships themselves do not comply with the hygiene and technical requirements.
In the previous week's arrests, according to Moscow, three members of the Russian coastguard were injured. According to the FSB, a likewise wounded North Koreans later died of his injuries. On that 17 September, Russian border guards first fixed a North Korean boat and then a second after the latter had opened the fire.
United States prohibits entry to ex-President Castro
The United States has imposed an entry ban on former Cuban President Raúl Castro and his children. The US Ministry of Foreign Affairs justified this in a communication on Thursday with Castro's participation in 'gross violations of human rights'. As head of the Communist Party of the Caribbean, he proposed a system in which thousands of Cubans would be arbitrarily arrested and there would be more than 100 political prisoners.
As chairman of the armed forces, the brother of the dead revolutionary leader Fidel Castro was also guilty of human rights violations there by supporting the President of Venezuela, Nicolás Maduro. "The failure to respect human rights and the use of violence by the Cuban regime to support the former Maduro regime are responsible for the ongoing crises in Cuba and Venezuela."
On Wednesday, President Donald Trump had bans on entry among others against members of the Venezuelan Government and the military. In Venezuela, a bitter power struggle between the government and the opposition has been raging for months. The United States has imposed a whole series of sanctions on Madi's government to force him into his knees and to force the opposition leader and self-appointed interim President Juan Guaidó to power.
Cuba is regarded as one of the closest allies of Maduros. The Socialist Caribbean receives oil from Venezuela in exchange for the services of posted doctors. According to the US and Venezuelan opposition, Cuba has also sent a large number of intelligence officers to Venezuela to help the government repress opponents of the regime.
New climate protests from Fridays for Future
One week after the biggest international climate protests so far, thousands of people now want to go to the streets for more climate protection.
At the end of an international climate strike week, the Fridays for Future Movement is again planning actions and demonstrations in dozens of countries around the world. The beginning should be due to the shift in time between New Zealand and Australia before the protests about Europe to North America. Climate activist Greta Tunberg wanted to take part in a major exhibition in the Canadian Montreal. Demonstrators also wanted to meet before the White House in Washington.
The level of global support for this Friday after the record turnout of the previous week is relatively unclear. Tunberg itself was good things. "Last Friday, more than four million people were stripped of the climate. We are doing it again this Friday! "She wrote to Twitter. So far there have been 6383 actions in 170 countries under the strike week, supplementing them.
In Germany, in particular, the arrival last Friday was very great. A good third of all world demonstrators - around 1.4 million - had participated in the protests in 575 German cities, according to Fridays for Future estimates. This time, according to a list of the movement, demonstrations are planned in at least 65 cities. These include in metropolitan areas such as Berlin, Hamburg, Munich and Cologne, but also in smaller municipalities and cities such as Jüchen in North Rhine-Westphalia or Westerland on Sylt.
In August 2018, at the age of 15, Tunberg had come before the Swedish Parliament to call on its country's politicians to step up their efforts to combat climate change. The Fridays for Future movement has emerged from this in a short space of time. Climate protests mainly involve pupils and students, but increasingly include scientists and other adults.
Together, they demand more ambition from politics in the fight against global warming and the threat of climate catastrophe. In particular, according to the Paris Convention on Climate Change, global warming would have to be reduced to less than 1.5 degrees compared with pre-industrial times.
Tunberg, just under a month ago, arrived in New York after a two-week Transatlantic Törn with a high-sea racing yard. She last took part in United Nations climate protests and summits. On Monday, she gave an emotional speech to the UN in which she made a strong conscience to the world's leaders. In her homeland of Stockholm, on Wednesday she had been awarded the alternative Nobel Prize of the Right Livelihood Foundation for her commitment to more climate protection.
Russia prohibits smoking on the balcony
The people of Russia must no longer smoke on the balcony in the future. This provides for a change in fire protection. "This also applies to smoking," according to a spokesman from the Ministry of Emergency in Moscow on Thursday at the Tass Agency. The ban is due to enter into force on 1 October.
Anyone who still smokes must therefore expect a fine of EUR 3 000 (EUR 42.46). If the cigarette is to emit a fire, then the penalty will be higher. According to the Ministry, the ban covers equally burning candles. Meat spits on the balcony are no longer allowed to be gripped.
Attack against cybercriminals - investigators lift servers
In the fight against crime on the Internet, German investigators have for the first time launched a large server provider for illegal transactions in the Darknet.
A total of 13 perpetrators are suspected of having hosted many sites in Mosel as a computer centre operator in a former NATO bunker in Traben-Trarbach.
This was communicated by the Public Prosecutor's Office in Koblenz. Seven suspects were arrested on Thursday evening in a major action. The Darknet is a shielded part of the Internet.
Users of suspects should have been, among other things, the operators of the world's second largest Darknet drug market, the Wall Street Market, which was scrapped by investigators in the spring. The attack on 1.25 million telecom routers at the end of November 2016 was also controlled by a cyberbunker server, according to the Public Prosecutor's Office.
A hoster of this kind had been lifted in Germany for the first time, he said. A web hoster provides the infrastructure for an Internet presence.
In the case of access, with the assistance of specialised units such as GSG9, there had been searches in Germany and in neighbouring countries. It was the result of almost five years of investigations. On midday, the investigators want to know more details.
New global climate protests from Fridays for Future
One week after the major international climate protests, tens of thousands of people now want to go to the streets for more climate protection.
At the end of an international climate strike week, the Fridays for Future movement again planned actions and demonstrations in dozens of countries around the world.
In Germany, protests are planned in at least 65 cities, including metropolitan areas such as Berlin, Hamburg, Munich and Cologne, but also in smaller municipalities and cities such as Jüchen in North Rhine-West@@ Climate activist Greta Tunberg wants to take part in a major exhibition in the Canadian Montreal.
Climate protests: Who are Tunis's backmen?
Fairness and courage are high virtues, including in the 21st century, in a world full of war and smoking factories that warm the climate. All the more astonishing that a 16-year-old girl is holding the mirror over the power man of that time. But what is behind it? Is it willing to help or wise marketing a climate activist? Historical master's achievement or manipulated tactics for his own sake?
On the one hand, Greta Tunberg is driving the masses and bringing young people to stand up for a better climate-friendly world. Historically, it is not the first time in Europe that a young person creates an accumulation of children and young people. As long ago as 1212, a child called Nikolaus from Cologne felt born to work for a fairer world. At the time, he was able to win a share of young people and to cross the sea to get to the praised country, just as Greta Tunot recently embarked on a trip to America.
But is there a shadow side to this? Why do we need a share called we don't have time to save the world? In addition, Greta Tunberg has rich PR managers on her side. By the way, her mother has published a book that has sold itself extensively, thanks to the daughter in the spotlight. Even old-tested followers from Greta Tunberg were somewhat disgusted by the last PR show, or the journey with the boat was probably too thick for some successors. This is not unjustified either, because the action has been very well implemented in the media around the world, and much money is being spent thanks to the impressive action that has taken place.
This is where the ghosts differ: Is it morally right to enrich financially in the rescue of the world? Is it still authentic for certain groups of people to cooperate with stock brokers during the world rescue operation? Whatever position is ultimately taken, a critical and reflected point of view is increasingly important in a democratic society, because democracy lives from different opinions and discussions. That is why it may make sense to critically question seemingly pious projects by certain trend setters.
Comet discovered: Interstellary guest crosses our solar system
A foreign comet is crossing our solar system at the moment.
The suspicions of astronomers have been confirmed: A foreign comet is currently crossing our solar system - it is only the second of its kind.
Garching / Washington - The researchers only suspect it, but now they have certainty: A comet from another star crosses our solar system at the moment. He was bought after his discoverer 2I / Borisov and employs astronomers around the world.
2i / Borisov: Comet was discovered by amateurastronomers on the Crimea
This body was discovered by an amateur astronomer called Gennadi Borissov on the Crimean. He looked at a self-constructed telescope from the sky and further follow-up confirmed his first suspicion. It is indeed an unknown comet that does not come from our solar system. It is only the second of its kind that has been sighted during the flight.
The great opportunity for astronomers is now to look close to a foreign solar system. It seems that the COMMET is similar to that of our own system, as reported by the Australian Institute of the Canaries. According to the International Astronomical Union (IAC), the comet is clearly of interdisciplinary origin and is currently moving on a so-called hyperbolic path that leads it out of our system.
Comet was seen before the flight - and can be observed for several months
However, before it is so far, astronomers can observe it in detail. In contrast to his predecessor, 2I / Borisov has already been sighted in his flight, which means that he can be examined from the Earth for many months. "The object will reach the highest brightness in mid-December and will be seen by April 2020 with medium-sized telescopes," explains Davide Farnocchia of the US Space Agency Nasa. "Then, by October 2020, we will see only larger, professional telescopes."
The predecessor of the new visitor: 1i / 2017 U1 "Oumuamua."
Initial findings on Komet 2I / Borisov raise hopes in science
According to the initial findings, the comet is estimated to be between 2 and 16 kilometres in diameter. At the same time, the sky body seems to be similar to our comets - as the IAC researcher Julia de León says, the spectrum of silence is similar to ours. This observation suggests that comets in other solar systems could be shaped by similar processes as in our colleague, de Leóns, Javier Licandro.
However, the observation goes beyond individual knowledge. The fact that two such objects have already been discovered within just two years may allow a new way of exploring certain processes in other solar systems.
Once again, asteroids employ the researchers. Only recently, a giant asteroid hit the earth and came dangerously close to it.
'absolutely reprehensible ': Rachel Johnson horns over brother
About Boris Johnson, it is getting slower. First of all, his younger brother leaves the cabinet, and now his sisters are indulging in the premier's warlike language as "tasteless." It was not the brother she knew.
'surrender ',' fraud ',' Treaty ': Prime Minister Boris Johnson is under pressure and is continuing to build up - at least verbally. During Question Time in the House of Commons this Wednesday, there was massive indignation on the part of the opposition, and in the meantime other critics have spoken: Dozens of bishops and his own sister Rachel Johnson.
The well-known journalist and author told the Sky News transmitter that her brother used words such as capitulation, as if the opponents of an EU exit were to be hanged, pulled, feared, and President. - The next item is the report (Doc. She did not recognise the version of her brother, said Rachel Johnsons, who took part in the EU Parliament elections for the "Change UK" anti-Brexit party.
She was particularly struck by the fact that her brother, Jo Cox, mentioned an EU-friendly subgroup that had been murdered by a neonazi just a few days before the exit referendum in 2016. Their memory could best be honoured by drawing through the Brexit, as Boris Johnson said in the House of Commons. "It is very strange to refer to a Member who was murdered by someone who called Britain first," criticised Johnson's sister. The perpetrator had obviously come from the extreme right, who felt "strengthened" by this kind of language. For those who were anxious about them, it was very unpalatable.
The Cox widower also strongly criticised the Prime Minister. "It makes me sick when Jos's name is used in this way," he said. The best way to honour them is by arguing passionately and decisively in favour of what one believes in, regardless of what one thinks. However, it would never be possible to "demonise the other side." He also complained that an atmosphere had emerged in which attacks had become more likely.
Only a few weeks ago Boris Johnson, younger brother Jo, had resigned as Secretary of State and his mandate as Tory Member. "In recent months, I have been torn between loyalty to the family and national interest - it is an insurmountable tension," Jo Johnson warned.
President. - The next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions: As the Times report, all 118 bishops and archbishops of the Church of England criticise the language that "this country is not worthy." In a joint statement they said: "In the last few days, the language, both in debates and outside Parliament, has not been acceptable. We should talk to each other with respect. "
Shakira and Jennifer Lopez appear at the Super Bowl
The NFL is sending a strong signal in the year of its 100-year existence: Two women with Latino roots appear in the mid-term show of the coming super Bowl. They promise 'an explosion of fun and energy'.
Latina-Power at the Super Bowl: The Superstars Shakira (42) and Jennifer Lopez (50) will provide the half-story of the US Football League NFL. This was announced by the organisers on Thursday (local time).
"I feel incredibly honoured and tired to represent the Latino community alongside JLO. After all, it has an incredible strength in the US, "said Shakira in a video.
The Finale of the American Football League, which celebrates its 100th birthday next year, will take place in Miami on 2 February. Many people live in Latin American roots in the metropole on the southern tip of Florida. Shakira ("Waka Waka") comes from Colombia, Lopez ("On the Floor") is of puerto-rican origin.
"I love the super Bowl putting two women on the scene this time - and two Latinas," Lopez said. This sends an important message to all Americans and the world. It promises the show 'an explosion of fun and energy'.
The 50-year-olds were born in New York after their parents had emigrated from Puerto Rico. In the 2000 "s, she launched large hits with songs such as' Waiting for Tonight 'or' Let's Get Loud 'and later published songs in Spanish. Lopez also works as an actor and will be seen in the drama 'Hustlers' in the German cinema from November onwards.
Shakira was known in Colombia as the star of Telenovela and Sängerin. It created its worldwide breakthrough in 2001 with its first bilingual album and the single "Whenever, Wereever."
Half-time passengers are expected to be announced every time in the United States. This year, many also regard selection as a political gesture. After all, the country is deeply divided, not least through President Donald Trump's immigration policy.
The super Bowl is the largest US sporting event and, at the same time, a gigantic advertising spectacle. Musicians such as Justin Timberlake, Beyoncé, Lady Gaga, Katy Perry, Madonna, Bruno Mars and the rolling stones feared furors there. As a rule, the NFL Finale looks at far more than 100 million television viewers, and it is now very popular in Germany as well.
Last year was preceded by political controversy. The reason for this was the quarterback Colin Kaepernick dispute, which, in protest against police force against Schwarze, had refused to stand up for the renovation of the national anthem by, among others. Out of solidarity with Kaepernick, some musicians rejected a super-Bowl attack - including Rihanna and Pink. The fact that the Rockgroup Maroon 5 occurred was ultimately criticised by many.
One actor and Youtuber are driving Egypt's rulers: For the time being, Mohamed Ali prefers to stay abroad.
The two men who have an influence on whether blood flows back on Egypt's streets have spent both abroad last week. One of them arrived again at Cairo airport on Friday. President Abdelfattah al-Sisi returned from the UN General Assembly. The ex-General who protested the Muslim Brotherhood of Mohammed Mursi in 2013, the first freely elected Head of State of the country, had lost a pleasant time in New York over the death penalty. He had 'no cause for concern', said Sisi at the airport in the state television microphones. "The Egyptians cannot be misled."
President. - The next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions: Mohamed Ali, of course, stayed abroad where he escapes the access of the security forces, who would immediately arrest him if he tried to enter Egypt's soil. Weeks ago, the 45-year-old player was only known to a minority of Egyptians. Today, he is the sound voice that dominates the political discourse in the cafés, housing rooms and teestubs of the country: With his Youtube canal, "Mohamed's secrecy"
He is addressing the Head of State directly and in very rustic language. While the people are starving, the President smiling in the luxury and allowing them to build splendid new palaces, it says. The army leadership, on which Sisi supports his rule, accuses Ali of corruption and enrichment. Because, in his second job as a construction contractor, he has been doing business with precisely those people for 15 years, he seems to know quite exactly what he is talking about - at least that is the impression of many Egyptians, as
After last week, for the first time since Sisi's grip after power, thousands had demonstrated against his rule, and nearly 2000 citizens, including prominent figures from civil society, human rights lawyers, and opposition politicians, were arrested. It was unlikely that so many people would really dare on the streets. But there were isolated small protests, for example in Giseh near Cairo and in Kina near Luxor. Videos in the social media showed protests whose participants accused Al-Sisi of corruption and demanded his departure. In these protests, the police also used tear gas and rubber bullets. These videos could not be verified independently at first. It was said from security circles that the police had put an end to the protests.
From the city of Mansura in the Nildelta, where demonstrators cut Banner in pieces last week with the President's portrait, massive police presence was reported on Friday. Security forces set up checkpoints in the city and on the drop-out roads. In Cairo, several underground stations in the inner city were closed because of "maintenance work," most roads around the Tahrirplatz, the heart of the 2011 revolution, were blocked. And, in the Rabaa Square, where supporters of the abducted Muslim Brotherhood Mursi disappeared in 2013, until the army tried to fire them and kill up to 800 people, another measure should
Mohamed Ali caused these arrangements to change his tactics: "Our goal must not be the Tahrirplatz," said Ali in Barcelona in his video camera. "Let us not meet police officers." However, this is not to be understood as a retraction: 'The whole of Egypt is the Tahrirplatz'.
If the provider promises too much performance
Although Internet access is always much slower than offered by the provider, there are various possibilities for testing.
If you conclude an Internet contract, you do not have to rely blindly on the speed information provided by the providers. Customers can themselves check how much of this is actually achieved in the event of emergencies.
Finally, the pre-promised transmission rates are a contractual component and should therefore also be achieved, explains Bavaria's Consumer Centre.
Although the connection always appears to be much slower than the provider's bid, there are various possibilities for testing. Thus, the messtools of the Federal Network Agency (BNETA) measure the actual data transmission rates and compare them with the rate agreed in the contract.
"However, the tests carried out by suppliers are based on supplier-specific requirements and are therefore not uniform and objectively calculated," says the Consumer Centre of Bavaria on its side.
If the connection is much slower than announced, customers can provide the supplier with a reasonable period of 14 days to obtain the promised service. This is best done by writing in writing.
If, after several requests, this does not happen, customers may terminate and may also claim compensation. However, in the absence of success, the only solution would be to bring the case before the Court of Justice.
First high-ranking Republican for Investigation
As the first senior Republican, the Governor of Vermont was in favour of an impeachment inquiry against US President Donald Trump. "I think the investigation is important, yes, and where this leads us, it is determined by the facts that are found," said Phil Scott at a press conference on Thursday. Press enquiries: Roy Worsley (Strasbourg) tel. (33) 3 881 73785 (Brussels) tel. (32-2) 28 42941 e-mail: Econ-press @ europarl.eu.int
Scott said that he was not surprised by the discoveries that Trump had repeatedly called on Ukraine's President, Volodymyr Selenskyj, in a telephone call, to investigate the intervention of Ukraine's democratic president and Trump watched bids "for years."
Republicans have so far withheld criticism of Trump for the Whistleblower affair; few have shown unease. Scott's statements are a first sign of this in Trumps' Party. Scott, a moderate Republican, has been opposed to trumps policy on several occasions, such as the relaxation of environmental legislation and the tightening up of immigration rules.
Spider-Man remains in the MCU: Another Marvel film planned
It was a shock for all the spider-man fans: At the end of August, it became known that Sony and Marvel will be taking separate paths in the future. Tom Hollands Spider-Man would thus no longer be part of the Avengers Universe. It was completely unclear how Tom Holland's films should continue.
Now to the surprise: Spider-Man receives another final third film within the Marvel Cinematic Universe after "Spider-Man: Homecoming" and "Spider-Man: Far From Home." Several US media have consistently reported this. So the cinema start is to be established: The film will start in the US from 16 July 2021.
In the "screenrant" magazine, Marvel-Boos Kevin Feige is quoted: "I am pleased that Spidey's path will continue in the MCU. I and everyone on the Marvel studios are very pleased that we can continue to work on this... He is the only superhero with the ability to play in various universities, as Sony continues to work on his Spidey verse. We never know what the future will bring. "
But how does the sudden good news come about? It is alleged that Sony Marvel will have submitted an offer. According to industry magazines, the Disney group, including Marvel, would contribute 30% of the revenue of the spider-man films. However, the message is not confirmed.
For example, Herzogin Meghan and Prince Harry appear in the Suits Finale.
After nine stages, the Suits series in the United States has now reached the big finals. Last but not least, there have been many Happy Ends and the same number of Cameo events. And the royal couple Prince Harry (35) and his meghan (38), who took part in the series for many years, were also paid a charming tribute. Warning: The following sections contain spoilers on the series finals.
First of all, Herzogin Meghan did not return to the Finale for a final departure as Rachel Zane, at least not for new scenes. Instead, some retrospects have once again shown the most conceivable scenes with today's Herzogin. For example, the moments of failed and fortunate miracles, or how it welcomes him after his death.
But her real husband, Prince Harry, was also mentioned in passing in the "Suits" Finale, of course in a high-time scene. When Louis Litt (Rick Hoffman, 49) is just heading towards Altar to heal his praise for Sheila (Rachael Harris, 51), Harsavey Specter (Gel) makes If he had actually thrown over a rock, the dubbed Harvey wants to know from the Bräutigam just to make it clear: "Louis, you are not the Prince of England."
Aegean: Baby and four other children drink in the event of boat crash
One baby and four other children have drunk when a refugee boat is climbed in the Aegean. In total, seven people died in the accident, as the Greek coastguard announced on Friday. The nationalities are still unclear.
The boat fell close to the Greek island of Inouss, which lies between the island of Chios and the Turkish mainland. Four children, three women and five men could be saved.
At present, hundreds of migrants from Turkey move to the Greek islands in the east of the Aegean. Last year, 174 people died on this route, according to the United Nations Refugee Assistance Agency (UNHCR). The Federal Minister for the Interior, Horst Seehofer, has now announced that it intends to visit both countries.
Together with his French colleague and the EU Commissioner responsible, he wanted to "inform Turkey about the refugee situation," said Mr Seehofer on Friday. He then wanted to know more about the 'administrative problems of the Greeks' in Athens in order to help cope with them.
On Friday, a spokesman from the European Commission confirmed the planned visit by Seehofer to the EU's Internal Commissioner Dimitris Avramopoulos and France's Minister for the Interior Christophe Castaner.
In Greece, unusually many migrants continue to come from Turkey. On Tuesday alone, 654 people moved to the Greek islands, as the Greek Ministry of Civil Protection said on Wednesday.
Is the Turkish deal still working?
The increased figures last gave rise to doubts about the functioning of the EU-Turkey agreement concluded in 2016. This means that the EU can send back all refugees and migrants arriving illegally on the Greek islands via Turkey. In return, the EU wanted to accept a Syrian refugee from Turkey for every displaced Syrian.
However, it is difficult to deal with asylum applications on the Greek side because of a shortage of staff. In Lesbos, Chios, Samos, Leros and Kos, according to the Ministry of Civil Protection, there were just under 29 400 people out of work. The worst situation is in Lesbos: There are currently 5200 migrations in a camp with capacity for 650 people.
Never since the entry into force of the EU-Turkey Refugee Pact in March 2016 were so many, state broadcasting reported.
Climate change: Heat leads to more heart attacks
According to doctors, climate change will in future test the health system. Climate change is' certainly 'one of the greatest challenges for the health system over the next 20 to 50 years, said Andreas Zeiher, President of the German Society for cardiology. The cardiovascular system, in particular, created high temperatures and high temperature jumps in a short period of time and led to more heart attacks. In particular, people with cardiovascular disease, the elderly and diabetics are affected.
Green politician must be accountable for embarrassing fotoput
The leader of the Canadian Greens, Elizabeth May, in the election campaign, was manipulated for that reason?
The Canadian Green-Chefin holds a reusable cup on a photograph. But now it came out: The cup was manipulated.
Ottawa / Canada - It has been rather unnoticed for quite a long time - and finally it has been noticed. Elizabeth May, the head of the Canadian Greens, has never kept the reusable coffee cup with metal straw. On the party's website, she was on a photograph with this cup, in conversation with citizens. However, the photograph had already been published and distributed to the media - and the cup was still a quick (Papp) cup, as reported by the Canadian National Post.
Green-Chefin must be responsible for Fotopanne
The National Post then accused May of manipulation and that the Fake News Party produced to appear more credible on the issue of environmental protection. And that is in the midst of an election campaign for the House of Commons, in which Trudeau has become increasingly difficult because of a bribery scandal.
The photo was viral in the social media and prompted the debate on Fake News. A user shares a comparison of the photographs and writes: "The Greens manipulate a photograph of their chairmen to hide their disposable cups."
May was shocked and accused on her blog of not knowing anything about this action. To underline this, she put the original straight: She, in conversation with citizens, has a cup in her hand. But that, she rightly said, is out of Bambus. She has always been there. A party spokesman said that it was only a question of putting the party logo in the picture, not of concealing something. Only one section of the photograph can be seen on the website.
May writes that it is their suffering for the employee who has done it. "I don't want to describe him as stupid, but there was nothing to hide," she says to the guardian, and at the same time inherited something from her over-committed team: "If you don
The German Greens were also in Shitstorms because of their use of disposable plastic or air travel - but their pictures were not photographed. For example, the Bavarian Greens, Katharina Schulze, saw ice with plastic spoons on holiday, as noticur.de * reported.
Influencerin will Gratis-Upgrade: Life-long flight ban at Cathay
It was alleged that Jaqueline Ng was granted an upgrade by Cathay Pacific mail. But when she asked the check-in, she was not allowed to go on board - and she should never be allowed to fly again with Cathay.
To get a business class upgrade spontaneously - many passengers dream of it. Sometimes they are lucky, and the employees at the check-in offer a change from the economy class free of charge.
However, this case shows how it should not be done: A self-declared Influencerin has actively asked the Airline Cathay Pacific for a free upgrade. Instagram is followed by Jaqueline Ng with more than 65,000 users. On 30 May it returned from Taiwan to New York and on 7 June.
On the flight, Jaqueline's staff refused an upgrade, even though she had shown a mail in which her Cathay Pacific allegedly promised an upgrade. The letter is intended to have received the Influencerin from a marketing agent of the Airline. The Airline, on the other hand, accuses Jaqueline of falsifying the mail.
On the return flight, Jaqueline again attempted to obtain an upgrade for the long-haul flight. This time, the woman should have shown the same mail, but with a different reference number. The staff at JFK airport were sceptical: They went to the headquarters. In fact, the employee who allegedly came from the mail is supposed to have denied mailcontact with Jaqueline. This also confirmed the mailing system in which the messages did not appear.
The airline staff at the cancels airport imposed Jaquelin ticket and imposed a life-long flight ban on Cathay Pacific. She had to buy a new ticket to Taiwan for $1,400 (around €1,280).
In her case, the Influencerin turned to Elliot Advocacy, a company representing consumer interests. Cathay had reimbursed her the price of her original ticket, but Jaqueline also claimed the cost of the new ticket.
But as long as Jaqueline does not submit the metadata of the mail, the case remains clear: For Cathay, the Influencerin has committed fraud, it remains blocked for future flights. The airline's terms of business also state that it does not have to pay the new flight. President. - The next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions:
Oil prices reflect Yemen's ceasefire report
Oil prices fell by more than one dollar on Friday morning in the shortest possible time. Last, a barrel (159 litres) of the North Sea region Brent cost US $61.83 - about 1.4% less than on the previous day. The price of a barrel of the American variety West Texas Intermediate (WTI) fell by 1.3% to 55.77 dollars.
A report by the Wall Street journalist on a ceasefire in Yemen was the trigger for the Kursruch. Saudi Arabia is to have agreed to a ceasefire in four areas.
A drought attack on the oil deposits in Saudi Arabia had halted five per cent of world oil production in mid-September. The Huthi rebels allied with Iran in Yemen's civil war country had proclaimed the attacks for themselves. Saudi Arabia, like the US Government, is blaming Iran. A ceasefire would weaken the political tension in the region.
If agreement is actually reached, one could focus on growth anddemand, said Ole Hansen, head of the Commodity Strategy Department at Saxo Bank of Bloomberg's news agency.
Oil prices thus continue their downward movement over the past few days. A week ago, a barrel of WTI oil had cost up to nearly $59, Brent nearly $65.
Finally, with reference to Insider, Bloomberg reported that repair work on oil installations in Saudi Arabia is progressing faster than planned after the attack in mid-September. As a result, the volume of production once again reached eight million barrels per day and moved back to the original quantity.
Last but not least, there have been press reports in response to insiders who report rapid progress by the State oil company Saudi Aramco in the repair work. Experts on raw materials pointed out, however, that Saudi Aramco is currently planning a stock exchange course and avoiding negative headlines.
At the same time, there was some relaxation in the conflict between Iran and Western countries: The British oil tanker 'Stena Impero' is more than two months after the arrest of Iran and the recent release of the port. The crew is now preparing the departure, while the ship is still on the ground, Reedereichef Erik Hånell sent a SMS to the Swedish radio on Friday morning.
However, the US announced that it would transfer defensive missiles and soldiers to Saudi Arabia to the Iranian enemy of ore. The fear of an escalation between the Islamic Republic and countries such as the United States and the United Kingdom has temporarily raised oil prices significantly in recent weeks.
Accusations against Trump get worse
In the affair of possible abuse of power by US President Donald Trump, accusations against the White House have become loud. Several senior government officials would have worked hard to prevent access to the language version of the conversation after a contentious telephone call between Trump and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Selenskyj at the end of July. This was explained by an anonymous sponsor. The spokesman of the House of Representatives, the Democracy Nancy Pelosi, explicitly accused the White House of "concealment." Trump spoke of a 'witch hunt'.
North Korea considers third Trump and Kim summits questionable
North Korea has expressed doubts that there will soon be a third summit in the nuclear dispute between Kim Jong-un and US President Donald Trump. The sense and the prospects for success of such a meeting were questionable because of the lack of progress in implementing the agreements of the first summit in Singapore, said Kim Kye-gwan, a top diplomat on Friday, according
The US had so far done nothing to implement the decisions of the previous summit, said the adviser of the North Korean Ministry of Foreign Affairs. He also criticised intensified US sanctions and the joint military manoeuvres of the US and South Korea. However, he hoped for a 'wise' and 'courageous' decision on Trumps, so that there would be a return to rapprochement.
Trump said on Monday that he wanted to know what a third summit would bring with him before he was prepared to do so. Negotiations for disarmament of the North Korean nuclear and missile programme have stalled since the failed second Trump and Kim summits in Hanoi in February. In June both met in the demilitarised zone between the two Korean states. In doing so, they agreed to relaunch the discussions, but so far without great success.
Prince Harry: Weapons manufacturers to help mine clearance
The British Prince Harry has symbolically fired and destroyed a blasting mine in Angola with a blue anti-fragmentation jacket. He produced the ignition circuit close to a camp of the British Halo Trust at Dirico. The explosive exploded at a safe distance. With a view to the goal of getting Angola free by 2025 minutes, he later asked ahead of current TV cameras: 'I call on all the countries whose names are on these weapons, but who have not been able to help themselves.
Pound under pressure - interest rate cut expected
British pound under pressure
In the face of an early fall in interest rates, the pound is losing its value vis-à-vis the euro.
Frankfurt speculation on an early reduction in interest rates by the Bank of England (BoE) increases the pound sterling. The British currency reduced by up to 0.4% on Friday to 1,2269 dollars.
Sales were triggered by statements made by the central banker Michael Saunders. He talked about a reduction in interest rates, even if a chaotic Brexit could be averted, as uncertainty would affect the British economy in the foreseeable future. This statement is surprising, as Saunders was the advocate of a restrictive monetary policy, according to Analyst Ricardo Evangelista of the Brokhouse ActivTrades.
Last week, the Bank of England had already drawn attention to the burden on the economy of the Brexit hickhack without directly signalling a reduction in interest rates. Prime Minister Boris Johnson wants his country to leave the EU on 31 October without a divorce agreement.
Moreover, the British Prime Minister has taken a high risk with his provocations. But it could pay for him, "Commercial Bulletin editor Kerstin Leitel.
Doping: Further Russian manipulation
Material from the Moscow Analysis Laboratory is being manipulated - this is confirmed by David Howman, a former director of the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) and today's head of integrity of the World Championship
At the launch of the Athletics World Cup, new details of the doping scandal in Russia are emerging - and they destroy a few of the credibility that Russian sport had gained at the beginning of the year, and even at the beginning. In January 2019, Moscow's doping laboratory finally delivered the required samples from 2012 to 2015 to the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada). Now it turned out that they were falsified.
Systematic fraud in Russian sport was revealed in December 2014. The Wada had then blocked the Russian Anti-Doping Agency (Rusada) for three years. During this period, Russian athletes were not completely banned from the world stage. The International Olympic Committee, following an individual examination at the 2016 Summer Games in Rio, was able to meet some 270 athletes in the country under neutral flags, while 168 women were at the launch in February 2018. They were also allowed to participate in the world cups in the various sports, and in the summer the football World Cup took place with the host as a participant in Russia.
No positive findings
In the following September, Wada lifted the Rusada bann again, but requested access to the laboratory and the said samples. The data should provide an indication of the extent to which doping cases are concealed in the case of state doping. They should help to punish athletes and athletes afterwards. Three months later they were finally delivered.
However, the chairman of the independent integrity committee (AIU) of the World Athletics Association (IAAF) has now confirmed that the doping data from the Moscow Analysis laboratory have been manipulated. "Yes. We received the data nine months ago. We should check whether the task force has received the right data, "said David Howman in the interview of the" Frankfurter Generalnewspaper "of Friday. "We have identified many discrepancies between the data that the Wada received from a Whistleblower and those that it received from the Russians in January." Many positive findings that were mentioned in the McLars report were missing.
The ERM not affected
This confirms the IAAF's position: The Athletics Association is the only organisation to hold on to Russia's bang. The World Cup in Doha launched 30 Russian athletes under the neutral flag. They had to prove that they trained outside the Russian system and undergo tests.
At the beginning of this week, the Wada had already put into the room manipulation and asked Russia to respond to the allegations within three weeks. Russia is now threatening to re-block the Rusada and, in the worst case, to exclude it from the 2020 Olympic Games in Tokyo.
