Fire extinguished in French chemical plant
The large fire at a chemical plant in the northern French city of Rouen, considered particularly dangerous, has been extinguished. This was announced by the prefecture of Normandy on Friday. The fire broke out on Thursday night. No one was injured in the incident. The fire brigade was deployed with around 200 fire engines.
The fire could be stopped 
Residents were called upon not to leave their homes. Buildings within a radius of 500 meters were evacuated, schools and kindergartens remained closed on Thursday. Additives for lubricants are produced in the chemical plant on the banks of the Seine. The factory belongs to the company Lubrizol of US billionaire Warren Buffett and is subject to the so-called Seveso directive of the EU, which prescribes particularly strict safety requirements.
Around 400 people work in the plant. The chemical plant has already made headlines in the past - for example, when a leak in 2013 caused the gas Methanthiol to escape and the surrounding area smelled of rotten eggs. In 2015, around 2,000 litres of mineral oil flowed into the city's sewage system after an industrial accident.
Woman quits her Job to search 57 days for her missing bitch
For two months, a woman from Washington searched for her missing dog-and quit her job for it. The seven-year-old Border Collie had run away from the hotel room during a short vacation in Montana. 57 days there was no trace of the bitch, but Carole King did not give up.
"It was terrible. I felt sick, " Carole King told The Daily Inter Lake. She and her husband had left bitch Katie in the hotel room while they went to dinner. When they returned to the Hotel, Katie had disappeared. They searched for the animal, but without success.
Thunder had panicked dog
Hoping that Katie might still be in the Hotel somewhere, Carole King went to the reception. "The employee says," she left about four, four and a half hours ago," "Carole King recalls to Daily Inter Lake. When the automatic front door opened, Katie immediately ran out. Probably a loud thunder had caused the dog to panic.
With flyers and calls in Facebook groups, the Kings searched for their beloved dog. But days turned into weeks. "I never gave up. I never lost hope," Carole King told Daily Inter Lake, who quit her job as a postal worker to continue her search for Katie.
"The tears flowed"
57 days after Katie's disappearance, Carole King got a call: a man came forward and said that Katie was in his yard. But when King arrived there, Katie had already disappeared again. She searched the neighborhood and suddenly her dog was under a tree. "I just hugged her. I didn't want to let her go," King recalled, according to Daily Inter Lake. "The tears flowed. People stopped in their vehicles, got out and hugged us. I think the whole neighborhood knew we had found".
Losses in the Bundeswehr: machine guns disappear without a trace
Friday, September 27th, 2019
Six machine guns of the type MG3 are still missing.
In recent years, the Bundeswehr has lost numerous weapons and tens of thousands of rounds of ammunition. Among them are three machine guns. The whereabouts are unclear in most cases. The Opposition speaks of a" frightening " extent.
In the Bundeswehr, weapons and ammunition disappear again and again - many of them without a trace. Since the beginning of 2014, the force recorded the loss of 39 weapons 39 weapons parts and nearly 20,000 rounds of ammunition. This emerges from a classified list of the Federal Ministry of defence, which the editorial network Germany reports on.
According to the paper from the Office of Defense Secretary Peter Tauber of the CDU, two weapons, one weapon part and 3,474 rounds of ammunition have so far reappeared. In the case of the missing weapons and weapons parts, including six machine guns of the type MG3, eleven rifles of the type G3, four rifles of the type G36, six signal guns, and two guns of type P8. In addition, 30 gun tubes for machine guns of the type MG3 are missing.
The extent of weapons and ammunition losses in the Bundeswehr is "frightening", said the left - wing member of the Bundestag Martina Renner. This was all the more true since hardly anything had been found again in the course of investigations. The left-wing politician spoke of a"meagre balance sheet". Renner criticised the fact that the listing did not reveal whether the missing ammunition also contained the one that had been found in connection with the investigation of the German army officer Franco A., who was suspected of being a terrorist. "Even though a supporter of Franco A. was recently convicted of possessing this ammunition," Renner said.
Oil tanker "Stena Impero" left Iranian port
More than two months after its capture by the Iranian authorities, the British oil tanker "Stena Impero" left the port of Bandar Abbas on Friday. Such as ship observation data from Refinitiv showed, put the Tanker in motion and left the Iranian port. Port Rashid in the United Arab Emirates was designated as the destination.
The Tanker had actually already been released by the Iranian government on Monday, but it initially remained in Iranian waters. From the shipping company it was said that they wanted to wait for an official notification from Tehran.
The "Stena Impero" was attacked on 19 July by the Iranian Revolutionary Guards in the Strait of Hormuz on charges of violating security regulations. However, it was suspected that Iran was reacting to the controversial temporary fixing of an Iranian oil tanker off Gibraltar, which is part of the United Kingdom.
The Strait of Hormuz is one of the most important sea routes in the world. It connects the Persian Gulf with the Indian Ocean. Much of the global oil exports are shipped through the Strait. Tensions in the Region had intensified immensely in recent months. Merchant shipping was drawn into the conflict between the US and Iran. There were several incidents with tankers and drones.
Merkel pays tribute to the courage of the people in the Peaceful Revolution
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has paid tribute to the commitment of the people in the GDR who took to the streets 30 years ago during the peaceful Revolution. In the autumn of 1989, courageous citizens had shaken the former GDR Regime, Merkel said at a ceremony of the Thuringian CDU faction on the upcoming day of German unity in Erfurt. Among other things, the chancellor recalled the occupation of the Stasi headquarters. "The terror was taken away from the state security," she said.
Musk aims for delivery record
Tesla's quarter may hold record. Despite the delivery boom, there were losses at the electric car group.
New York.Tesla CEO Elon Musk has given his electric car company a strong boost on the stock market with the prospect of new record numbers. "We have a chance to reach our first quarter with 100,000 deliveries, "Musk wrote in an email to Tesla employees published by the industry blog Electrek.
Demand was strong, so Tesla could book 110000 orders, Musk's circular continued. The challenge is to get the cars to customers quickly. To do this, Tesla must provide as many resources as possible at the end of the quarter.
Investors liked this: Tesla's shares went out of trading with an increase of over six percent. The price has not risen so strongly in almost four months. In the second quarter, Tesla delivered a good 95,000 cars and thus reached its previous best.
Musk needs records to achieve his high goals. In 2019, he wants to deliver a total of 360000 to 400000 cars. This requires six-digit figures in the current and coming quarters. Especially the cheapest Tesla Model 3 is in demand, but the profit margins are low. Despite the boom, there have been losses recently.
Mystery solved: that's Why we can't tickle ourselves 
A kind of brake in the cerebrum prevents people from tickling themselves. Scientists at Humboldt University in Berlin discovered this with the help of experiments on rats, as they announced on Thursday evening. Progress had also been made on the question of why children defend themselves so fiercely against tickling, only to then demand more.
Finally, it also showed why the approach of a tickling Hand alone triggers laughter even before the touch. This is due to a low-lying layer in the cerebrum, which already triggers laughter when the tickling is expected.
According to the data, previous research showed that rats react with "laughter" in the ultrasound range when tickled by humans. This "laughter" is mediated by the part of the cerebral cortex that serves the central processing of haptic perception.
Laughter is suppressed during self-contact
Until now it had been assumed that the brain could distinguish between self - contact and contact by others-that is why people cannot tickle themselves. In the experiments on the rats, however, the Berlin researchers found that laughter as well as the activity of the relevant area of the cerebral cortex are suppressed during self-contact. This is also the case when living beings clean themselves. During the foreign contact and tickling by the scientists, however, the activity in the brain and the impulse to laugh were intensified.
But if the self-touch and the touch by others happen at the same time, the laughter is also suppressed. This indicates that the rat's brain cannot distinguish between the self-contact and the contact of others. The new findings suggested that humans cannot tickle themselves because the self-contact activates a brake in the cerebrum.
The rats were also trained to tickle themselves. Thus, in the Experiment, they sometimes broke off this Initiation prematurely, showed escape behavior or rigid fear. This ambivalence is similar to the behavior of children. The ambivalence of tickling is a behavioral reaction that is the same in rats and humans.
Disaster averted: major fire at French chemical plant extinguished
The large fire at a chemical plant in the northern French city of Rouen, considered particularly dangerous, has been extinguished. The Normandy prefecture informed the AFP news agency on Friday. The fire broke out on Thursday night.
According to authorities, no hazardous substances should have leaked. The samples taken do not give cause for concern, as Prefect Pierre-André Durand said at a press conference on Friday morning. No one was injured in the incident. The fire brigade was deployed with around 200 fire engines.
Schools and kindergartens closed
Residents were urged not to leave their homes. Buildings within a radius of 500 meters were evacuated, schools and kindergartens remained closed on Thursday.
Factory belongs to the company Lubrizol of US billionaire Warren Buffett
Additives for lubricants are produced in the chemical plant on the banks of the Seine. The factory belongs to the company Lubrizol of US billionaire Warren Buffett and is subject to the so-called Seveso directive of the EU, which prescribes particularly strict safety requirements. Around 400 people work in the plant.
The chemical plant has already made headlines in the past - for example, when a leak in 2013 caused the gas Methanthiol to escape and the surrounding area smelled of rotten eggs. In 2015, about 2000 litres of mineral oil flowed into the city's sewage system after an industrial accident.
Brexit: Johnson criticised by own sister
The Prime Minister's sister commented on Boris Johnson's speech at the first session of parliament after the suspension was lifted on Wednesday evening. The prime minister is threatening to lead the country out of the EU on 31 October without an agreement if Brussels does not agree to his demands for changes to the Brexit agreement.  However, it is unclear how he intends to achieve this.
Speaking about Cox, who had campaigned for Britain to remain in the European Union, the prime minister said: "the best way to honour Jo Cox's memory and reunite this country would be to leave the EU." Cox was murdered by a right-wing extremist during the 2016 Referendum campaign.
Memorial to Oslo and Utöya attacks is unveiled
More than eight years after the attacks in Oslo and Utöya that killed 77 people, a memorial in honour of the victims will be unveiled in Norway on Saturday. The Monument "Jernrosene" (English: the iron rose) consists of replicas from around 1,000 iron Rose. They are reminiscent of the roses that thousands of people left in front of Oslo Cathedral in the days and weeks following the attacks.
The project of the artists Tobbe Malm and Tone Karlsrud will now be unveiled at the same location - the roses were forged by people from all over the world, including survivors and relatives of the victims. Crown Prince Haakon and Crown Princess Mette-Marit are expected to attend the opening.
On 22 July 2011, right-wing terrorist Anders Behring Breivik first detonated a car bomb in Oslo's government district and subsequently shot dead dozens of participants in a holiday camp of the Social Democratic Workers Party's youth organisation on the island of Utöya. A total of 77 people were killed in the attacks.
Iran releases British Tanker
The UN General Debate did not bring a solution to the Iran conflict. But now there is one less Problem. The British oil tanker "Stena Impero", which was held in Iran, was able to set sail again. It could be a piece of the puzzle in Iranian President Ruhani's peace plan.
The British oil tanker "Stena Impero", which has been stuck in the Strait of Hormus in Iran since mid-July, is back in international waters. After the release by Iranian authorities, the ship is on its way to Dubai, according to the shipping company Stena Bulk.
The" Stena Impero " has left the port of Bandar Abbas and the Crew is now going to Dubai for medical examinations, among other things, said shipping manager Erik hånell. Around noon, the ship had left the Iranian waters. "Glad it's over," he told Swedish TV station SVT.
The Ministry of foreign affairs in London described the fixing of the ship as illegal. "This is part of a pattern of attempts to interfere with the freedom of the seas. We are working with our international partners to maintain shipping and international law," it said in a statement on Friday.
The Iranian Revolutionary Guards had fixed the Tanker on 19 July on charges of violating maritime law in the Persian Gulf. Seven of the 23 crew members had already been released at the beginning of September. The remaining 16 crew members are doing well according to the circumstances, said Hånell. They would have behaved professionally in the face of the difficult and exhausting Situation in the past ten weeks. The shipping company is now working to reunite them with their families as soon as possible.
The British government suspected that the "Stena Impero" was a reaction to a similar incident in British Gibraltar: at the beginning of July a Supertanker with oil from Iran, which was supposed to have been destined for Syria, had been put on the chain there. According to the authorities, the shipment violated EU sanctions against the war-torn country Syria. The British had received the reference to the ship from the USA.
Iran spoke of "piracy" and threatened consequences. In mid-August the "Adrian Darya-1" was finally released. London vehemently rejected allegations that it had been a barter transaction to get the "Stena Impero" released.
The Strait of Hormus is one of the most important sea routes in the world. It connects the Persian Gulf with the Indian Ocean. Much of the world's oil exports are shipped through the Strait. Tensions in the Region had intensified immensely in recent months. Merchant shipping was drawn into the conflict between the US and Iran. There were several incidents with tankers and drones.
Behind the tensions between Tehran and Washington is the nuclear dispute between the two countries. The Americans accuse the Iranian leadership of wanting to build nuclear weapons. Iran rejects this. In 2018, the US single-handedly pulled out of the international nuclear agreement, which was intended to prevent Iran from building a nuclear bomb while ending its political and economic Isolation. Since then, the US government has been pressuring the leadership in Tehran with massive economic sanctions against the country in order to force a stricter and expanded agreement in other areas. Iran is resisting the pressure so far.
Due to the dispute over the "Stena Impero" and other incidents involving tankers in the Persian Gulf and oil facilities in Saudi Arabia, the US is working on a coalition for military protection of merchant ships in the Region.
Iranian President Hassan Ruhani presented a plan for security and peace in the Strait of Hormuz at the UN General Assembly in New York. With the initiative" coalition of hope " for the Persian Gulf, Iran, together with the Arab Gulf states and without foreign protection powers, wants to ensure the safety of shipping in the Persian Gulf.
India is building a better future with its protectionist economic policy.
India would actually be predestined to become a" war profiteer". In view of the punitive tariffs imposed by American President Donald Trump on Chinese manufacturers, foreign producers in the people's Republic are forced to reschedule. Finance chiefs of Asian companies considering moving their production from China to another country cite India as one of the preferred alternatives in a UBS survey. Of course, this has not only to do with the uncertainties of the Sino-American trade war. With a huge pool of young workers and an internal market of 1.3 billion consumers, India seems set to play a more significant role in the globally diversified production chain.
But now India itself has come into Trump's focus. Derisively dubbed the "kingdom of tariffs" by the warhorse in the White House, at the beginning of June America withdrew trade concessions for 2,000 products from the emerging market. The US accuses India of prohibitively high tariffs and demands better market access for agricultural goods, mobile phones, spirits, motorcycles and more.
On the world map of trade wars, friction with India is merely a sideshow. In addition, America views the world's largest democracy through its security policy glasses. Delhi and Washington share concern over China's claims to power in the South Indian Ocean. Against this Background, a volley of American punitive tariffs against India seems unlikely. India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who has just taken up a second five-year term, is therefore likely to weigh himself in safety.
The Problem, however, lies in another place: the empirically substantiated thesis that open markets accelerate economic development has a hard time in the Socialist Republic of India. Also under modes. His zeal for reform is mainly aimed at the bureaucratic insanity that for too long stifled any entrepreneurial spirit in the multi-ethnic state. Companies now get building permits for buildings faster. They benefit from a better energy and transport infrastructure, and a more tangible Insolvency and bankruptcy law creates conditions for liquidating seemingly dead companies with high debts more quickly.
The success of these efforts can be seen and measured in the relevant Rankings. From an economic point of view, much has changed in India in the first five Modi years for the better. But this does not apply in trade policy. Inspired by this to protect internationally uncompetitive companies from foreign suppliers, the National Conservative government even erected new barriers.
In the West, Modi adheres to the Nimbus of the energetic reformer, who radically renews his country economically. This impression is not least due to the fact that the charismatic prime minister knows all too well which vocabulary Western managers like. At its core, however, the "India First"Advocate never deviated from a protectionist economic policy, which prevents Indian companies from being forced to get rid of anachronistic processes and thus become fit for global competition. Businessmen who survive thanks to the foreclosure of their industries are among the regulars of Modi's nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party and applaud this short-sighted policy.
Funeral of Jacques Chirac on Monday in Paris
According to a report, former French President Jacques Chirac is to be buried in Paris next week. The former head of State will be buried on Monday in the Montparnasse Cemetery in the south of the French capital, the AFP news agency reported, citing the Chiracs family. The funeral will take place in the close family circle. A public funeral service was scheduled for Sunday at the Invalides Cathedral in Paris, according to media reports.
Carrying competitors to the finish line: Dabo is the first secret hero of the world championships in athletics
The world's top athletes had already reached the finish line long ago, when heartwarming scenes took place in the cooled-down Khalifa International Stadium. In the first preliminary run of the men's 5000 metres, Jonathan Busby from Aruba began to sway dangerously. He was barely able to keep his feet on his feet a good 300 meters from the finish and was walking in an unhealthy stooping posture when Braima Suncar Dabo from the West African country of Guinea-Bissau suddenly chased him and dragged him to the finish in support of the last half of the stadium round. However, the forces were still enough for both to stop the wristwatch running after the finish run. As if the scene wasn't strange enough.
"I just wanted to help him. Everyone in this Situation would have done the same," Dabo said after the Mixed Zone race, when he unexpectedly caught the attention of the assembled journalists. He shyly dodged first, did not want to talk about his heroism at all. After all, he wanted to set his personal best and when he realized that this would be difficult, he only wanted to help a fellow sufferer. And anyway, he would only be proud to represent his country, which was invited for the world Cup by the world Association. Under normal circumstances he should not even have started. "That's why I'm proud to run here for my country," he said.
He did so emphatically that evening - and much more intensively than he would have thought. For this heroic deed will be remembered. Especially since Dabo even let his competitor Busby take the lead at the finish and voluntarily took the last place - by the way, a good five minutes after the Ethiopian Selemon Barega, who won this preliminary race. In the end, it was all of no use, because Busby, who only reached the finish with a lot of help, was disqualified by the World Athletics Association for this very reason.
Dabo, who lives in Portugal and studies there in Lisbon, competed to set a personal best at the world championships in Doha. According to official data, this was achieved with 18:10.87 minutes, but he himself was disappointed: "I wanted to run 17:55 minutes. I've been under 18 minutes." However, only in Training, since best times do not count.
Million-mash: Egyptians prepare for wild day of protest
In Egypt, security measures have been stepped up ahead of possible anti-government protests. An increased police presence was observed in central Cairo on Friday. Several metro stations remained closed, and roads around central Tahrir Square were closed.
In recent days, the police had stepped up their street checks and searched the mobile phones of pedestrians partly for news and photos in connection with the protests. According to two NGOs, hundreds were arrested.
Opponents of Al-Sisi
Last weekend there were protests in Cairo, Alexandria, Suez and Mansura with hundreds of participants. They targeted the government of President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, whom critics accuse of corruption and mismanagement. There had not been such an open Protest against the political leadership in Egypt for years. Egyptian construction contractor and actor Mohammed Ali, who started the demonstrations with video messages on Facebook, who lives in exile in Spain, has called for a "Million March" in central places in the country today. Ali calls for a "people's revolution". For most young Egyptians, the man is not a "good man" either, because he made millions as a subcontractor for the army, but his messages are received.
According to two observer groups, the number of arrests in connection with the protests continued to rise. The Egyptian Commission for Rights and Freedoms (ECRF) had more than 1,570 arrests by Friday. The Egyptian Center for Economic and Social Rights (ECESR) and Human Rights Watch (HRW) reported more than 2,000 arrests. These figures could not be independently confirmed at first. The government also did not confirm or comment on the figures.
Arbitrary Arrests
Many people were "arbitrarily arrested" "just because they were in the wrong place at the wrong time," HRW reported, citing lawyers from those arrested. According to their lawyers, the charges against the detainees range from "spreading false information" to membership in a "terrorist association". In Cairo, Alexandria and other cities, security forces in Uniform, but also in civilian clothes, also arbitrarily interrogated and searched passers-by, according to HRW data.
HRW also criticized the censorship in the North African country. According to the report, the government in Cairo is blocking Websites and online services in order to prevent further protests against Sisi.
Online retailers: mail order retailers should be able to donate returns more easily
For Online retailers, many returned packages are lost goods. Around 20 million returns end up in the garbage. But there is an Alternative.
The Ministry of Finance has shown online retailers such as Amazon and Zalando a way to donate returned products instead of destroying them.
Although companies cannot be exempted from VAT on donations in kind, the ministry explained in response to a question from the Green parliamentary group, about which the newspapers of the Funke Media Group reported on Friday. However, the traders could set the market value of the unsaleable returns so low that they would have to pay no or only little VAT.
Scientists at the University of Bamberg had determined that German citizens send back every sixth parcel when ordering on the Internet. Around four percent of the goods - around 20 million products - ended up in the garbage. Donating them would cost the companies additional money according to the current legal situation, because the tax authorities evaluate donations in kind like a turnover, on which then VAT is incurred.
Green Party leader Katrin Göring-Eckardt called on Finance Minister Olaf Scholz (SPD) to clarify with a decree that companies can evaluate non-saleable products accordingly and donate free of charge to non-profit organizations. Companies should be able to rely on not being punished for donating. This applies not only to online retail, but also to other businesses from fashion stores to DIY stores.
Banksy art for auction: there was never a better time to sell this painting
The well-known work of street art Star Banksy, "Devolved Parliament", is to be auctioned soon.
For Branczik, Banksy's work underscores " the regression of the oldest parliamentary democracy in the world into the attitude of animals and tribes." Starting on Saturday, the painting is to be exhibited at Sotheby's in the British capital until it is to be auctioned off on 3 October.  It is estimated at 1.5 to two million euros.
The work was first exhibited in 2009 at the Bristol Museum in the south west of the UK, where Banksy lives. This year, the artist had exhibited the painting again-coinciding with the original Brexit date of 29 March.  On this occasion, the work, formerly called "Question Time", was renamed "Devolved Parliament".
The picture could change hands for millions.
At the first session of the House of Commons on Wednesday, Prime Minister Boris Johnson delivered a tough exchange of blows with the Opposition after the Supreme Court overturned a forced recess imposed by Johnson. Johnson wants to carry out Brexit, which has already been postponed twice, on 31 October, if necessary without an agreement with the EU. 
It is not the first time that Banksy, whose identity is still unknown, has interfered in the Brexit debate. In Dover in the south-east of England, he painted a picture of a man breaking a star of the European flag with a chisel. The plant sees thousands of truck drivers and other visitors entering the UK every day.
Brexit debate is like a " walk in the Park"
According to his top adviser, British Prime Minister Boris Johnson's fierce verbal attacks on Brexiteers in Parliament do not contribute to a climate of hatred. Compared to the election campaign before the 2016 Brexit Referendum, the current controversy is a "walk in the Park," Dominic Cummings said at a book launch on Friday. "We enjoy it. We will leave (the EU) and we will win".
Johnson had harshly attacked Brexit opponents in parliament in recent days and accused them, among other things, of "betraying" the people. He dismissed as "Humbug" accusations that he could put the deputies in danger because they could become the target of death threats.
Cummings said the only way to restore calm was if MPs finally respected the British decision to leave the EU. It is not surprising that people are upset that Britain has still not left the EU three years after the Referendum.
In view of the charged mood, even the bishops of the Anglican Church called for restraint on Friday. "We should talk to each other with respect," it said in a statement. "And we should also listen."
Pakistan's Prime Minister Khan calls for UN intervention in Kashmir
In his first appearance before the UN General Assembly, Pakistan's Prime Minister Imran Khan made an emotional appeal to the UN to intervene in the Kashmir conflict once again.
Otherwise, a new war between the nuclear powers Pakistan and India is likely, Khan said on Friday at the UN General Debate in New York. "When things go badly, you hope for the best, but be prepared for the worst." The United Nations had a responsibility for Kashmir. "You should have prevented this."
India and Pakistan have fought three wars since their independence from British colonial rule in 1947, two of them around the divided region of Kashmir. Both nuclear powers control a part of Kashmir, another part belongs to China. At the beginning of August, India had stripped the Indian Kashmir Region of its autonomy status and thus abruptly increased tensions in relation to Pakistan.
Not even a bottle of water
The demonstrators in Cairo demand the overthrow of Egyptian President al-Sisi.
The government is reacting hard against the current protests in Egypt. It uses live ammunition to shoot at the population, and more than 2,000 prisoners join the 60,000 political prisoners already in prison. Protesting has never been safe in Egypt. But since General Abdel Fattah el-Sisi came to power in 2013, the state apparatus has done everything it can to avoid a scenario similar to that of the Arab Spring.
But one of the triggers for the 2011 protests was the poor economic situation. Poverty, lack of prospects and the feeling of being suffocated by one's own government drove millions onto the streets. And this is a Problem that the regime of el-Sisi does not get a grip on, no matter how hard it goes against adversaries. The Situation has even worsened.
Today, one in three people in Egypt lives below the poverty line. Since 2016, the currency has lost more than half its value, with an inflation rate of ten percent. If you want to buy a bottle of water at the supermarket, you have to decide who you are financing: Nestlé, Coca-Cola or the military. The latter is not only responsible for oppression, but also the largest economic actor. The military builds roads, houses, football stadiums, produces food, and much more. This was already the case before el-Sisi. The Egyptian people have a lot of experience with authoritarian regimes, even the Dilemma in the supermarket is an old one. It is always critical when large sections of the population have difficulties to afford a bottle of water at all.
Tüv tests in the Terminal: BER boss: no more "showstoppers" for Capital Airport
For two months, it was examined whether the complex system network works in conjunction with BER Fire Protection. The operators are satisfied with the course. But the Tüv is not yet finished at the BER.
After extensive Tüv tests in the Terminal of the future capital airport, the operators have confirmed the planned opening in October next year. This is certain, said Supervisory Board chairman Rainer Bretschneider after a meeting of the supervisory board.
Airport manager Engelbert Lütke Daldrup spoke of a successfully completed audit, but also said that there were still shortcomings to be dealt with in the Terminal. "We have a lot of details, but we don't have a real Showstopper." He assured us that the timetable for commissioning still contained buffers.
However, there are indications that the time Reserve should no longer be too large. The construction completion notice is now to be submitted to the building authority during the first quarter of 2020, at the beginning of the year this was planned for this autumn.
Hundreds of defects in power cables have yet to be rectified; the Tüv wants to check them by February. "In order to create the conditions for the start of flight operations, intensive work must continue on the processing of the defects," it said in a written communication.
Lütke Daldrup said that in many cases there is a lack of evidence, rather than new cables. There is also no release for all dowels on which the cable routes hang. The head of the airport expects this to be available by the end of the year.
In addition, the fire protection at the transition to the station under the Terminal is not yet working satisfactorily. The problems had already led the project into another crisis three years ago. This time it's about smoke aprons that shut down like a canvas in a fire so that the smoke doesn't spread. They go too far down. 36 Motors must therefore be replaced. Then there will be new tests with hot gas smoke at the beginning of the year.
Problems with fire protection and other construction defects as well as planning errors have delayed the opening of the airport for years. It was originally scheduled to go into operation in 2011. Costs have risen from two billion euros since construction began in 2006 to around 6.5 billion euros at the opening next year.
Because the number of passengers in Berlin has increased significantly since then, those responsible are planning to expand the airport. This is why the supervisory board is to hold a special meeting on 18 October, as chairman Bretschneider announced. 
The airport company is now looking for two new managing directors. Chief Financial Officer Heike Fölster will join Deutsche Bahn at the end of the year, chief human resources officer Manfred Bobke-von Camen will retire next year, Bretschneider said. He thanked Fölster. It has put the airport finances on firm footing.
Chemnitz: vending machines for drugs blown up-police arrest man
He needed money for drugs-and blew up several vending machines in the Chemnitz City area! Now the perpetrator is finally in custody!
In the past two years, the number of blown - up cigarette and parking ticket machines in Chemnitz and the region had risen sharply. There was a million damage!
After two detonations at the end of May at Bürgerstraße and Further Straße in Chemnitz, the police arrested a 33-year-old German.
Police spokesman Andrzej Rydzik:"in the course of the investigation into the making of explosive explosions in a crime unit with a particularly serious case of theft, which was led by the Chemnitz criminal police, not only this suspicion against the 33-year-old was confirmed."
Confronted with the new evidence, the 33-year-old from Chemnitz now confessed to a total of eight acts.
The police spokesman: "with the loot he apparently financed his addiction to narcotics". The Bomber blew up parking ticket machines on Bürgerstraße four times between 20 August 2018 and 31 May 2019 alone. 
The total damage incurred amounts to at least 60 000 euros!
The vending machine Bomber is now in custody. The police investigation against him continues.
It is conceivable that he was also responsible for further machine explosions in Chemnitz and neighbouring districts.
AUA takes over Eurowings flights from Vienna
The Lufthansa Group is reshaping its strategy for Vienna airport. In the midst of the price war with low-cost airlines such as Lauda, Wizz Air, EasyJet and Level, Lufthansa subsidiary AUA "takes over the commercial management of all Eurowings flights from Vienna", confirmed an Austrian Airlines spokesperson to APA on Friday. Previously, aviation etonline had "reported" about it.
The Vienna base of Lufthansa's low-cost carrier Eurowings will thus be de facto dissolved. Of the currently seven Eurowings aircraft, four remain in Vienna. From January 2020, the AUA will take over this in the" Wetlease", i.e. including Eurowings personnel. Three Eurowings Jets will be stationed in Salzburg in the future, which will fly from Salzburg and Innsbruck as charter aircraft to holiday destinations. Routes from Vienna to Germany will be taken over by Eurowings Germany.
The Eurowings base in Vienna will be integrated into the AUA hub and network planning, the spokesman explained. The flight times are to be coordinated with connecting flights. The aim was on the one hand to strengthen the Vienna hub and on the other hand to expand decentralised transport from the federal states.
As aviation etonline writes, serve Eurowings in Vienna only as a "Production Company" for the group's sister BOO-BOO. Among other things, Barcelona and Rome would be served with AUA flight number, but primarily with Eurowings equipment. Although the on-board product is to be adapted to that of Austrian Airlines, the pilots and flight attendants are from Eurowings. According to the report, Eurowings flights starting under AUA flight number will no longer be handled in Terminal 1, but in the same way as AUA in Terminal 3.
A price war broke out at Vienna airport after the Niki bankruptcy. The Ryanair subsidiary Lauda motion announced on Thursday, the fleet in Vienna next summer to 16 aircraft to increase. The Irish low-cost carrier is sending four Ryanair aircraft including Crews to Vienna, also in the so-called "Wetlease", which the union criticised as a circumvention of the collective agreement.
On Friday, Andreas Otto, managing director of AUA, replied to Ryanair CEO Michael O'leary's announcement that Lauda will have overtaken the AUA in five years: "we will remain number one at the site in five, six or ten years."
Queen granddaughter Princess Beatrice is engaged
Beatrice, Eugenie, William and Harry: as children, Cousins were best friends. Now the last of the four is getting married. Beatrice is engaged!
Wonderful news from the British Royals: during the holidays in Italy at the beginning of the month Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi (34) is said to have asked for the hand of his girlfriend Princess Beatrice (31). This was announced by the Palace on Thursday.
"We are extremely pleased to announce our engagement. We are both so excited to start this adventure together and can't wait to be married, " the couple, who have been together since October 2018 according to British media reports, announced in the official release.
And further:"we share so many similar interests and values and we know that this will help us a lot in the coming years full of love and happiness".
Sister Eugenie took pictures
The official engagement photos were taken by her sister, Princess Eugenie (29) - and also published on her Instagram Account.
A royal feast
The wedding is scheduled to take place in 2020. The Palace will announce more information about the date, place and everything else in the coming months.
What is certain, however, is that the marriage of the number nine of the British succession and the real estate mogul will be as big a celebration as the marriage of Eugenie on 12 October 2018 with Jack Brooksbank (33).
Study on causes of heart disease
Smoking, Obesity, unhealthy diet - there are risk factors for cardiovascular disease. But what really triggers a heart failure or a heart attack? Hamburg researchers now want to take a close look at the genetic material of 9000 healthy and sick people.
By analysing the genetic material of 9000 people, scientists from Hamburg and Switzerland want to find out more about the causes of cardiovascular diseases in more detail.
The research project is the largest of its kind in the German-speaking region, the University Hospital Hamburg-Eppendorf (Uke) announced on Friday. The Kühne Foundation supports the project with 12.5 million euros. From Switzerland, the Hochgebirgsklinik Davos, which belongs to the foundation, and the University Hospital Zurich are involved.
Obesity, smoking and an unhealthy diet are among the main risk factors that can be influenced for cardiovascular diseases. Genetic factors determine the risk. However, the interaction between genes and external influences is only insufficiently known, it said. Now, the scientists want to compare the complete genome of 8000 healthy people with that of 1000 former patients of the University heart and Vascular Center at the UKE.
Currently, possible disease - causing changes in DNA - so-called mutations-are known in more than 4000 of the approximately 20,000 relevant human genes, the hospital said. Each year about 200 would be added.
According to the initiators, the aim of the five-year project is to develop new options for the prevention, detection and treatment of cardiac arrhythmias, heart failure and heart attacks. The data could also be used for research into other common diseases, says Stefan Blankenberg, head of the University heart and Vascular Centre. New insights into the interaction between heart and brain, heart and kidney, and cancer are possible.
The chairman of the Kühne Foundation, Klaus-Michael Kühne (82), also stressed that there is a firm will to use the data for research into other diseases. So far, the foundation's clinic in Davos has mainly treated allergies. Now a Center for Cardiovascular Precision Medicine will be established on the medical campus there and a professorship for bioinformatics will be created. To justify his commitment, the logistics entrepreneur, who lives in Switzerland, said that he had open heart surgery in Hamburg three years ago and was very grateful.
The bio samples of the healthy participants come from Hamburg residents who also participate in the "Hamburg city Health Study". With 45,000 test persons, this is the largest local health study in the world, according to the hospital. In the case of genetic material encryption, strict attention is paid to the protection of anonymized data, the scientists assured. It involves one Petabyte (1000 terabytes) of data, said Holger Moch from the University Hospital Zurich.
According to UKE, the genetic material of a human can be deciphered within 24 hours. The pure material costs for this would be 1300 euros. The first gene sequencing worldwide, the results of which were published in 2001, cost several hundred million euros. The study is scheduled to begin on October 1, with all 9000 samples to be analyzed by the end of 2020.  The following year, initial results are expected.
Nigerian police free hundreds of abused boys
In Nigeria, Police have freed more than 300 tortured and abused boys from a Koranic school. According to reports from local residents, security forces searched the school in the northern Nigerian city of Kaduna and discovered the victims, some of whom were still minors, according to police spokesman Yakubu Sabo. "The victims were mistreated. Some of them claimed to have been raped by their teachers," Sabo said.
The boys were detained under the pretext of being taught and "improved" in the Koran. In fact, the protégés were held by their teachers under "most degrading and inhumane conditions," Sabo said. About a hundred students, including children aged nine, were chained up in a small room.
According to the information, the Koran school existed for about ten years. Residents had alerted the authorities to repeated irregularities in the facility. The parents were shocked when they were taught about the conditions in the Koran School, Sabo said. They had no idea of the suffering of their children. According to the police, the operator and six employees were arrested.
In the predominantly Muslim North of Nigeria, there are many private religious schools. They replace the often deficient state institutions. People in the Region suffer from frequent attacks by armed gangs. According to the UN refugee agency, more than 40,000 people have therefore fled across the border to the neighbouring state of Niger in the past ten months.
Chained and tortured: Nigeria Police release 400 children from school
Police have freed almost 400 students from appalling conditions in a school in northern Nigeria. "Many of them were chained and some had visible injuries that indicate torture," said police spokesman Yakubu Sabo in Kaduna city.
There the children were discovered on Thursday after a hint in an Islamic school. The conditions there were "unworthy of human beings". The officers arrested the headmaster and six teachers after the liberation.
The children, all of them boys, were held in their school like slaves and put in chains. Some were sexually abused. Television images showed emaciated and injured students in a noticeably poor state of Health.
World football player election: further accusations after Messi and Klopp's freestyle
Football "signature not valid"
Jürgen Klopp, Lionel Messi and Megan Rapinoe awarded
With a Gala in Milan the world football Association, Fifa recognizes the best player, the best player and the best coach of the year. For Lionel Messi it is the sixth honour and thus a record.
After Nicaragua's captain declared that he had never voted in the world football player election, allegations come from other countries to Fifa. Egypt was not evaluated at all-with a curious justification.
Many things at Fifa have proved to be disreputable in recent years: the World Cup awards, the dubious plans of its president Gianni Infantino, the general behaviour of various corrupt officials. So far, however, the Fifa world football players ' election has not been suspected of being unclean-if one ignores the fact that the voting national coaches and national team captains of the member associations often vote according to sympathy rather than according to objective assessment.
But after Nicaragua's captain had already complained that he had not voted at all, now further inconsistencies come to light: Egypt complains that the votes of national coach Hossam El-Badry and Captain Mohamed Salah were not taken into account. In fact, they do not appear in the official and publicly visible Voting Overview.
Fifa apologises for the fact that" the signatures on the election forms were given in capital letters and therefore not valid". The Egyptian Association had been contacted several times to clarify the Situation - without a reply.
Sudan's coach also surprised
There is also an outcry from Sudan over the election. While the situation in the case of Egypt is understandable, the Sudanese Federation states that coach Zdravko Lugarisic did not vote in the way it was ultimately judged: with Lionel Messi in first place, Virgil van Dijk in second and Sadio Mané in third. According to Fifa, however, the vote was received in the same way, with signatures and official stamp of the Sudanese Association.
Nicaraguan captain Juan Barrera had also made allegations: "did not vote for the #thebest2019 Awards. All information about my voice is wrong, thank you, " he wrote. In his case, it was suspected that the Nicaraguan Football Federation simply voted on his behalf.
From the association came on Friday now the message: true, but of course was no intention. The completed electoral documents were" erroneously " marked with the name and signature of Juan Barrera, the captain of the Nicaraguan selection, according to a statement from the association. But actually the second captain Manuel Rosas had chosen. "We take responsibility for the administrative error," the statement said. However, both Rosas and team coach Henry Duarte voted for Messi, "exactly as it is in the official list of FIFA".
Fifa is now examining the other cases in an investigation, but stresses that the election process was overseen externally by the consulting firm PriceWaterhouseCoopers. As long as Lionel Messi remains the undisputed winner of the world footballer election-and Jürgen Klopp is the world coach of the year.
Ukraine affair: senior Republicans call for official investigation
Two senior Republicans have openly expressed their support for an official investigation into the US president and fellow party member Donald Trump. "I think the investigation is important," said Vermont Republican governor Phil Scott. "Where this leads from here is determined by the facts that are established." He wanted to know more about the Whistleblower affair before taking action. Impeachment proceedings may lead to the removal of the president.
Scott said he was not surprised by the revelations. They had shown that Trump had repeatedly called Ukrainian President Volodymyr Selenskyi in a telephone call to investigate the activities of Democratic presidential candidate and former Vice President Joe Biden in Ukraine. According to Scott, Trump has been watching Biden " for years."
The Republicans have so far withheld criticism of Trump because of the Whistleblower affair, only a few have shown discomfort because of it. Scott's comments are now a first sign of this in Trump's party. The moderate governor of Virginia had already turned against Trump's policies several times, such as the relaxation of environmental regulations and the tightening of immigration regulations.
As another senior Republican, Charlie Baker, governor of Massachusetts, also spoke in favor of the investigation. "It's a deeply disturbing Situation," Baker said. "The right course of action and the responsibility for Congress is now to investigate the matter and get to the bottom of it."
Scott and Baker, as governor of U.S. states, have no formal say in the case against Trump, which is decided in Congress. Their utterances are therefore above all symbolically important. Nevertheless, first senators of the Republicans have also expressed criticism of the Situation. Mitt Romney, for example, who represents the state of Utah in the second House, said the case was "extremely disturbing, deeply disturbing." In addition, US media report that the first cracks are emerging internally among Republicans.
The affair could lead to the initiation of impeachment proceedings against Trump, the Democrats in the House of Representatives have announced an investigation. They accuse him of abuse of power for the purpose of foreign influence for his own political benefit.
There is no exact timetable for the impeachment proceedings. With their majority in the House of Representatives, the Democrats could exert a so-called Impeachment. However, the decision on an actual impeachment would fall in the Senate, where Trump's Republicans have the majority. The prospects for success of such a procedure are, therefore, low. So far, no US president has been removed from office by Impeachment proceedings.
Were torturers on board Rackete's "Sea Watch"?
Three men have been arrested in Sicily, allegedly raped and murdered in Libyan refugee camps.
The German captain Carola Rackete (31) was arrested in June, after she had entered the port of Lampedusa without permission with the rescue ship "Sea Watch 3" and 53 Libyan refugees on board. After fierce protests and international criticism - including from Austria's federal President Alexander van der Bellen - her house arrest was lifted after a few days by an Italian judge.
Now, new and serious allegations against Missiles are loud. For example, three men accused of torture in Libyan refugee camps could have arrived in Italy on the "Sea-Watch 3". The suspects were caught in a detention centre in Messina (Sicily) after migrants recognized their tormentors in Italy. "We cannot rule this out, but we do not have any reliable information on it ourselves, "Sea Watch spokesman Ruben Neugebauer told the German Press Agency.
The police said in mid-September that the suspects had raped, tortured and even murdered in the North African country. They were Mohammed C. (27) from Guinea, and the two Egyptians Hameda A. (26) and Mahmoud a (24). "The migrants were systematically harassed and subjected to atrocities - through repeated and constant physical violence," the statement said at the time.
NGOs and aid organizations now point out that they cannot know exactly who is coming on the ships. "We can't scan, who the people are. They come without passports, " Neugebauer said. Torture is one of the main reasons why people are fleeing Libya. It is therefore quite likely that there are also perpetrators on the ships. "It is therefore very important that this is investigated".
Italy's right-wing ex-interior minister Matteo Salvini immediately demanded an apology from Rackete, who is still under investigation in Italy for aiding illegal immigration.
Musk aims for Tesla delivery record
Tesla CEO Elon Musk has given his electric car company a strong boost on the stock market with the prospect of new record numbers.
"We have a chance to reach our first quarter with 100,000 deliveries, "Musk wrote in an email to Tesla employees published by the industry blog Electrek.
Demand was strong, so Tesla could book 110,000 orders, Musk's circular continued. The challenge is to get the cars to customers quickly. To do this, Tesla must provide as many resources as possible at the end of the quarter.
Investors liked this: Tesla's shares went out of trading with an increase of over six percent. The price has not risen so strongly in almost four months. In the second quarter, Tesla delivered a good 95,000 cars and thus reached its previous best.
Musk needs records to achieve his high goals. In 2019, he plans to deliver a total of 360,000 to 400,000 cars. This requires six-digit figures in the current and coming quarters. Especially the cheapest Tesla Model 3 is in demand, but the profit margins are low. Despite the boom, there have been losses recently.
US budget dispute: once again only bridge financing
The new fiscal year will begin in the US on October 1 without a proper Budget. The Senate followed the House of Representatives on Thursday and decided on transitional funding until November 21.
Although the US Congress and President Donald Trump agreed in August to increase the spending caps for the fiscal years 2020 and 2021, the United States is once again without spending plans before the new fiscal year, which begins on 1 October.  The Senate followed the House of Representatives on Thursday and passed a continuing resolution (CR) until November 21.  Without such a resolution, there would have been a Shutdown at midnight on Monday, a partial closure of the federal administration. President Trump has yet to put the resolution into effect.
Shutdown averted
For the time being, the federal administration will now be financed at the level and according to the priorities of the spending plans for the 2019 financial year, which ends on Monday. This is because Congress has not been able to agree in time on the 12 spending bills that allocate funds to the various departments and agencies. For the time being, therefore, the federal administration can not of the for the new fiscal year of 1,3 Bio. to 1,4 Bio. $ extended spending framework benefit.
The Democrats have completed ten of the twelve bills in the House of Representatives, where they have the majority. But the spending bills reflect priorities of Democrats, who have little chance in the Republican-dominated Senate. Conversely, the Senate also has ten of the twelve spending plans more or less ready, which are hardly capable of gaining a majority.
The spirits differ mainly on the topic of resource allocation for the area of domestic security and Border Security. In the Senate, Republicans are apparently trying to force $ 12 billion to build the wall, one of President Trump's big priorities. The Democrats are interfering with the wall construction plans and their financing, which is actually intended for other military buildings and projects. The dispute over the construction of the wall had already escalated in December 2018 and led to a 35-day Shutdown.
At the construction of the wall, the spirits differ
It is currently unclear how the parties intend to approach this issue. More likely than an agreement on all twelve spending laws in the next seven weeks is an extension of transitional funding beyond 21 November.  Also a Shutdown is not excluded.
Against the backdrop of Congress's continuing inability to agree on the twelve spending bills in time, and The Associated risk of a Shutdown, ideas for automating the process are gaining popularity. Template S. 1877 to avoid Shutdowns, the federal administration's financing would automatically continue at the previous year's level, stop the travel activities of parliamentarians and withhold their wages until the new annual spending plans were available.
France allows artificial insemination for lesbians and Singles
In France, artificial insemination will also be open to single women and lesbians in the future: the Paris National Assembly voted by a large majority in favour of a government bill under which all women can take advantage of in Vitro fertilization. This should significantly increase the demand for anonymous sperm donations.
The bill still requires the approval of the Senate. In the three-day emotional debate, critics in the right-wing camp had warned that numerous "children without a father" could grow up in the future. The French Bishops ' Conference is also opposed to the innovation.
The new regulation is the core component of a Bioethics Law, which Minister of Health Agnès Buzyn defended as an "opportunity" for society. It depicts the Modern Family, in which there are children with only one parent or with homosexual parents. According to her idea, the costs of artificial insemination for all women should be borne by the social insurance.
Insemination with sperm of dead husband, banned more 
By a narrow majority, however, the National Assembly rejected an amendment to give widows access to their dead husband's sperm for artificial insemination. In Belgium, Spain and Great Britain, artificial insemination is permitted "post-mortem". In Germany, there have been cases in the past in which women sued in vain for the release of the sperm of a deceased person. The opponents of the move in Paris argued that such a fathered child would then bear a "particularly difficult fate".
Many members of President Emmanuel Macron's ruling party La République en Marche (the Republic on the move, LREM) and members of the Opposition had opposed artificial insemination with the sperm of the deceased partner. They stressed that a widow would be subjected to a" double sorrow " if her wish to have children remained unfulfilled by the death of her husband.
The initiators of the now failed amendment consider it unfair that in future a widow can be fertilized with the sperm of an unknown person, but not with that of her own partner.
So far, artificial insemination in France is only allowed to heterosexual couples who cannot produce children. You must be married or live together for at least two years. Buzyn had already announced in the summer that surrogacy would remain prohibited.
In Germany, artificial insemination is theoretically open to all women - but it is often difficult for single or lesbian couples.
Compensation for climate: calls for flight fees for universities grow louder
There is a lot of flying at the universities. That is why the country wants to have a climate tax paid there in the future. The rectors say they have no money for it. But now they are also under pressure internally.
Universities should also limit themselves to flying. PHOTO: dpa / Julian Stratenschulte
The discussion on a climate tax on flights from universities and colleges, which had been postponed before the summer break, is getting back on track. After the state Rectors ' Conference had reacted skeptically to a corresponding advance from the Green-Black Coalition, the plans now receive support from the universities. In a joint statement, the doctoral students of six universities in baden-Württemberg and one University of Education plead for compensation for service flights. This is "urgently necessary" as a first step, and at the same time there must be a broad debate about the avoidability of flights, it says in its statement. Meanwhile, the Cabinet Decision originally planned in July is still on hold because the CDU has still not approved the Green Party's proposal.
Russia arrests North Korean fishermen again
According to the FSB intelligence service, the arrested people are said to have fished illegally in Russian waters. Ten days earlier, 161 fishermen from North Korea were arrested. At that time there was an exchange of gunfire between the border guards and the boat crew. Three Russians and one North Korean were injured, the fisherman later succumbed to his serious injuries. But this time there were no casualties, they said.
Communist North Korea suffers from chronic food shortages. The North Korean fishermen were, therefore, in Russian territorial waters. The coast guard of Russia is conducting patrols there to protect its Marine Biological Resources.
30.000 squid seized
During the new inspections, 30,000 squid had been discovered on the boats and confiscated. In addition, according to the information, three fishing boats and two motor boats were seized and taken to Nakhodka and Posjet near Vladivostok.
Russia's fisheries agency had not issued fishing licenses to the North Koreans this year, even after complaints from local entrepreneurs. According to the media, thousands of fishermen from North Korea have been temporarily detained there this year.
The head of the Association of Russian fishing companies in the Far Eastern region of Primorye, Georgi Martynov, recently also complained of high ecological damage caused by North Korean fishermen. They fished with close-meshed synthetic nets banned in Russia. With these, even small creatures would be brought out of the sea. In addition, the Nets would simply be disposed of in the sea, where it would take 200 years to decompose.
In future, only 18,000: US lowers asylum ceiling
The" most generous Nation in history": Donald Trump, here at a meeting with elected police representatives at the White House.
The richest country on Earth is shutting itself off from those seeking protection: as confirmed by the State Department in Washington, the upper limit for the legal entry of refugees is being lowered further. In future, especially threatened believers and Iraqis will be granted asylum.
The US government wants to lower the already historically low limit for the admission of new refugees again. In the 2020 fiscal year, which runs from October 2019 to September 2020 in the United States, a maximum of 18,000 people will be allowed into the country, according to the US State Department. In the financial year, which is now almost over, the Limit is still 30,000 people.
In recent years, President Donald Trump's administration has drastically reduced the willingness to accept people seeking protection from all over the world. Under the previous administration of Barack Obama, much higher reception limits had applied.
The target cap of 18,000 refugees would be the lowest since the US refugee program was introduced in 1980. however, the State Department described the US as" the most compassionate and generous Nation in history, " a phrase strongly reminiscent of the language used by the US president-in-office.
A "responsible approach" to refugees is aimed at enabling the refugees to return to their home countries to help with reconstruction, Trump said. For his hard course in migration policy he gets a lot of support from supporters, but there is also massive criticism.
A major point of contention is the border with Mexico, which Trump wants to seal off. In order to finance the construction of a border wall, Trump imposed a national state of emergency. Whether there is a temporal connection between the current measure and the current domestic political developments in the US capital is unclear. Trump is currently under pressure over the Selenskyi affair and a possible impending impeachment process.
According to the State Department, the US government intends to focus on the reception of two refugee groups in the future: people who are being persecuted for their faith - and Iraqis who have helped the US military in the country and are thus in danger, according to the State Department statement. From Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador, on the other hand, a maximum of 1500 refugees are to be accepted.
The US wants to ensure that people from this "Northern Triangle" of Central America, in particular, apply for asylum in other countries. Against this background, the United States has concluded migration agreements with Guatemala and now also with El Salvador and Honduras in order to curb immigration at the US southern border with Mexico.
Court orders release of orangutan from Zoo
An orangutan female has been transferred from the former Zoo of Buenos Aires to a reception centre for great apes in the USA at the request of the Argentine justice. "Sandra", who was born in 1986 in the Rostock Zoo, was granted the rights of a "non-human Person", so her release was mandatory. The animal was brought to Dallas by direct flight on Thursday evening - but not as a passenger, but in the cargo hold, as lawyer Andrés Gil Domínguez explained.
Since the 53 kilogram human monkey is unable to adapt to life in the wild, it is to live in the outdoor enclosure of the Center for Great Apes in Florida in the future. There are already 21 more orangutans and 31 chimpanzees, among them "Bubbles", former Pet of pop star Michael Jackson. Before moving to Florida, however, "Sandra" has to undergo a 40-day quarantine at the Sedgwick County Zoo in Wichita, Kansas.
After her birth in Rostock," Sandra " spent several years in the former Ruhr Zoo in Gelsenkirchen before she was transferred to Buenos Aires in 1995. The "Sandra's" fundamental rights lawsuit, launched by animal rights activists in 2014, has helped transform Buenos Aires Zoo into an ecopark. A research and Education Centre for the conservation of biodiversity is to be established there by 2023.
Record for Swiss extreme climbers: 550 meters in 46 minutes
The extreme mountain climber, Dani Arnold, has succeeded at the almost 3000-Meter-high Great Tower in the Italian Alps, a new hussar ride.
Without net, double floor or other aids, the Swiss conquered the 550-Meter-high north face of the große Zinne in a new record time.
Dressed in Jeans, T-Shirt and only supported by absolute vertigo Arnold needed 46 minutes and 30 seconds for the ascent. With that he beat the old record by almost 19 minutes.
Arnold is now the record holder in free Solo Speed on four of the six most important European North faces.
Nike benefits from new Online marketing strategy
Despite the trade conflict with China, the US sporting goods manufacturer Nike has posted a significant increase in profits. Net income rose to 1.4 billion dollars (nearly 1.3 billion euros) in the quarter under review. This is 25 percent more than in the same period last year, as the group announced on Tuesday. The reason for this is above all the new marketing strategy "Nike Direct", with which the Adidas competitor directly addresses its customers online.
Sales rose to 10.7 billion dollars in the three-month period to the end of August. Nike sales grew most strongly in China with an increase of 22 percent. The group from Beaverton in the US state of Oregon also benefited in the people's Republic from its approach to address consumers directly via the Internet or Smartphone Apps.
Chief Financial Officer Andy Campion announced that Nike will continue to drive the "digital Transformation" of the sporting goods manufacturer with strategic investments and thus expand its competitive advantage. Investors were pleased with the quarterly figures - the shares of the sporting goods manufacturer rose by more than five percent.
Lifelong stadium ban due to racism in Italy
Due to racist comments about professional football player Juan Jesus from as Rom, the club from the Italian capital has imposed a lifetime stadium ban against a Fan. The Brazilian defender Jesus had been insulted by the Fan on Instagram. Jesus then published the private messages and asked his club to take action. "@officialasroma you already know what to do with such a Fan. #NoToRacism. Proud to be who I am," wrote the 28-year-old, who has been playing for as Rom since 2016.
The club responded late Thursday. He reported the fan's account to Instagram and the police. In addition, the Roma supporter should never visit a match of the club again, the club wrote on Twitter.
Racism is a Problem in Italian football. Italian Fans regularly chant racist insults against black players of rival teams. "We cannot have racism in society or in Sport. In Italy, the Situation has not improved, and this is very serious. You have to identify those responsible and throw them out of the stadiums," Fifa president Gianni Infantino said at the weekend. The reason for the statement were racist chants at the first league match between Atalanta Bergamo and AC Florence last Sunday.
But there had also recently been discussions about the supporters of Juventus Turin. The Italian authorities have now imposed stadium bans on 38 rioting fans of record champions Juventus Turin. Four of them will not be allowed to enter the stadium for a period of ten years, the police said. Prohibitions of four to seven years apply to the others.
The Fans are in connection with ongoing investigations against twelve leaders of Ultra fan groups around Juventus. The twelve are accused of serious extortion, money laundering and private violence. The club had launched the investigation with a complaint last year.
According to Italian media reports, the Ultra leaders are said to be behind the black market in Tickets. They had "militarily controlled" the ticket trade for the fan curve and allegedly blackmailed Juventus employees to get cheaper tickets.
Generation Z: are you really different from Generation Y?
Millennials are narcissistic, Generation Z is political-entire vintages are given catchy labels. If you look more closely, the awards are full of contradictions. So how well do these labels describe the respective attitude towards life of young people?
"The crabs are coming!"With this call, the crab fishing officially started on September 21st at Gucheng Lake in Gaochun, which also ushered in the opening event of the 19th China Gaochun Gucheng Lake Crab Festival, as announced by the Public Relations Department of the Nanjing-Gaochun district committee. 
Gaochun, which forms the southern foothills of Nanjing in Jiangsu province, is one of the national environmental zones. The city is the first International "Slow City" in China and it is also home to the Chinese headquarters of the International "Slow City"movement. The city has ideal ecological conditions with a mixture of"30 percent mountains, 20 percent water areas and 50 percent fields". The great natural environment of Gaochun offers its inhabitants all the conditions to become rich.
The people of Gaochun started crab farming in the early 1990s. Over time, the crab industry has developed into a formative industry, generating high incomes and becoming an important part of Gaochun's economic development. In recent years, Gaochun has actively sought large-scale, ecological and scientific development of crab farming as well as technology-based crab farming. And the city has taken care of promoting more efficiency in agriculture and the incomes of farmers.
In recent years, Gaochun has advanced a Reform on " distribution of power, optimization of administration and government services "and has carefully built the service network for" permits under one roof, a law enforcement Team, a network for services, a platform for lending". In doing so, the city wants to comprehensively optimize the environment for permits, for services and for development.
Gaochun is taking full advantage of the local advantages by connecting to southern Jiangsu and southern Anhui and is using the development zone and its position as an international "Slow City" as a showcase to locate intelligent high-End production companies, companies for biomedical and medical technology, for energy storage and environmental protection, from the cultural and health sectors as well as companies for Ecological Agriculture, which are leaders in the "3+2"Sector. At the same time, Gaochun has promoted the establishment of a national tourism zone covering all areas and tourist resorts of national importance. In this process, the ecological and cultural resources of the Gaochun countryside were integrated, the condition of the buildings for civic services and for the public service was comprehensively improved, the areas of "Tourism +" and "+ tourism" were vigorously developed and the development of cultural tourism at a high level of quality was advanced. It is worth looking forward to the future of Gaochun.
Conflict between Iran and US: Ruhani talks about end of sanctions - Trump disagrees
After his return from the UN General Assembly, Iranian President Hassan Ruhani spoke of an alleged offer by the US to lift sanctions. In exchange for talks with the Tehran leadership, the United States had promised an end to all sanctions, Ruhani said on his official website.
However, US President Donald Trump contradicted his Iranian counterpart on Twitter: "Iran wanted me to lift the sanctions imposed on it so that there would be a meeting. I said, of course, no".
Ruhani describes the events as follows: German Chancellor Angela Merkel, British Prime Minister Boris Johnson and French President Emmanuel Macron were present in New York and had insisted that a meeting take place. "And America says I'm lifting the sanctions," Ruhani added. The nature of the punitive measures that were to be ended was up for debate. "And you have clearly said that we will lift all sanctions".
However, this move was not made in an acceptable way, criticized Ruhani. In view of the existing punitive measures and "the poisoned atmosphere of maximum pressure", no one could predict the outcome of negotiations.
Earlier this week, Chancellor Angela Merkel met with Ruhani in New York. The background was the Europeans ' hope to save the nuclear agreement with Iran negotiated with Russia and China. This is intended to prevent the Islamic Republic from developing nuclear weapons. French President Emmanuel Macron, like Merkel, had expressed the hope on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly that Ruhani would meet with US President Donald Trump.
Severe earthquake near Istanbul - almost 200 aftershocks
After western Turkey was shaken by two earthquakes within a very short time, the fear of a catastrophe is growing. 34 people were injured in Tuesday's earthquake. Since the quake the previous day, there have been almost 200 aftershocks, Turkish Vice President Fuat Oktay said on Friday. This raises concerns about a catastrophe.
14 schools in Istanbul were closed for security reasons. Hundreds of buildings were damaged. The 5.8-magnitude earthquake shook the Marmara region outside Istanbul on Thursday and triggered panic in the metropolis of millions. Now the government wants to set up a commission to better prepare the country for earthquakes in the Future, announced Oktay.
Over the past 20 years, Turkey has not been sufficiently prepared for quakes, said Istanbul's mayor Ekrem Imamoglu. In the city itself, the latent danger is repeatedly ignored. Every year, poorly built residential buildings collapse - among other things made miserable by the many smaller earthquakes that regularly shake Istanbul.
Urban planners such as the well-known architect Mücella Yapici have been warning for years that large open spaces that have been registered as places of refuge in the centre have long since been added. Only on the 20th anniversary of the Gölcük earthquake in August, the Istanbul Chamber of Civil Engineers had warned that an estimated one million buildings in Istanbul were not earthquake-proof. 
The epicentre of Thursday's quake was in the sea of Marmara in front of the Silivri district and at a depth of around seven kilometres, according to the civil protection agency Afad. A smaller aftershock caused even greater panic on the streets a few minutes later.
Istanbul mayor Ekrem Imamoglu said on Twitter that no injuries or damage had initially been reported. The state broadcaster TRT showed people running out of houses in panic. Students were taken out of the buildings in the Silivri district for safety reasons. Some students cried, as can be seen in pictures.
Istanbul is considered particularly prone to earthquakes. Below the sea of Marmara lies a section of the so-called North Anatolian Fault, which marks the boundary between the Eurasian and the Anatolian plate. Turkey is repeatedly shaken by earthquakes. One of the deadliest was the 1999 earthquake near Istanbul. At that time, more than 17,000 people were killed.
Researchers fear that an earthquake of magnitude 7.1 to 7.4 could threaten. But it is unclear when the earthquake will occur. The earthquake on Thursday hit the west of the country and Istanbul again.
Companies draw up contingency plans, private individuals have so-called Go-Bags packed with everything they need standing next to front doors, and schools teach children how to behave when the Earth wobbles. It is unclear when the next big quake will come.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said on his return from New York that eight people were injured. Some buildings had suffered minor damage. Istanbul mayor Ekrem Imamoglu followed the developments of the Istanbul Disaster Coordination Centre (Akom). According to him, two minarets of mosques collapsed in the districts of Avcilar and Sariyer.
Warning of aftershocks in Istanbul
On social networks, many users report panic. Buildings wobbled. Schools and hospitals were evacuated. Telephone lines were interrupted. It was more violent than Tuesday's, writes one user. The head of the Turkish Red Crescent, Kerem Klinik, warned via Twitter of aftershocks. He called on people to stay away from buildings that had suffered visible damage.
According to official data, the time of the quake is 13.59 (local time). Only a few minutes after the first quake, according to CNN Turkey, there was an aftershock, which was reported with a magnitude of 4.0 on the Richter scale.
Only on Tuesday, an earthquake of 4.6 magnitude shook the Turkish Marmara region - it was felt as far as Istanbul. Its epicenter was also located in the sea of Marmara, west of the metropolis of millions, the civil protection agency Afad announced on Tuesday.
It was not the only earthquake that made headlines this Tuesday: Pakistan was also hit by a major earthquake.
Researchers believe that sooner or later there could be a catastrophic earthquake in Istanbul - the tension between the tectonic plates is extremely high. Scientists believe it will eventually unload-and cause massive damage.
Earthquake researcher Sükrü Ersoy reckons that the earthquake is now a warning. This made it more likely, he told CNN Türk. "These could be the signs of a major earthquake," Ersoy told the station. "Sooner or later, the big quake will come".
There had already been an incident a few weeks ago - the quake also caused great concern in Istanbul. In Albania, there had also been a violent earthquake only a few days ago - there were 68 injured. The Earth had also shaken at Lake Constance this year.
Parliament: new spark in Ukraine affair
Two explosive documents provide new impetus in the Ukraine affair over possible abuse of power by US President Donald Trump. On the way to a possible impeachment trial, the US Democrats are encouraged: the complaint filed by an anonymous whistleblower about Trump and his controversial phone call with the Ukrainian president provides important clues for investigations against the president. Trump once again sees himself as the victim of a "witch hunt". He also questioned the credibility of the whistleblower.
USA: United Airlines passenger locked in toilet-plane diverted
Because a passenger was locked in the board toilet, a United Airlines flight was diverted. The toilet door was blocked during flight 1554 from Washington to San Francisco, the Airline reported according to US media.
During an unscheduled stopover on Wednesday evening (local time) in Denver, the woman was finally freed from the narrow cabin. She was locked up in it for about an hour, US media wrote, citing other passengers. For the onward flight in the direction of San Francisco, passengers had to change the plane.
In a video circulated on the Internet, which according to US media is said to originate from flight 1554, it can be seen how several people try to free the woman. "We're working on opening the door right now, Ma'am. We'll get you out soon, Okay?", says a man in it. The airline apologized to all passengers. It was initially open whether the woman would receive compensation.
The cockroach: inspired by Kafka: Ian McEwan writes Brexit novel
How does a writer like Ian McEwan deal with all the Brexit Chaos? He writes a book about it - and its Protagonist is unmistakable.
Inspired by Franz Kafka's famous story "die Verwandlung", the successful British author Ian McEwan (71) has written a book about the Brexit Chaos in Britain.
The novel" Die Kakerlake "(original:" the Cockroach") will be published in German on November 27, Diogenes Verlag (Zurich) announced.  It is about the transformation of a man named "Jim Sams", who was ignored or hated in his former life, but is now suddenly the most powerful man in Britain. He sees it as his Mission to put the will of the people into action and is wildly determined to let nothing and nobody stop him.
McEwan was quoted as saying: "If Parliament is closed so that the government cannot be challenged at a critical moment, if ministers lie shamelessly as the Soviet leaders once did, if Brexiteers in high positions almost beg for the catastrophe of a no-deal - then a writer must ask himself what he can do. There is only one answer: write". McEwan's novel "machines like me" about artificial intelligence was only published in the spring.
Kafka's story, first published in 1915, is about Gregor Samsa, who wakes up one morning and sees himself" transformed into a tremendous vermin", is gradually excluded from family and society and finally perishes. "Ian McEwan bows to Kafka to describe a world that is upside down," said Diogenes Verlag.
EU invests 9.5 million euros in Austria's railway infrastructure
11,200 Wagons in Austria and Hungary are fitted with Whisper brakes to reduce noise pollution from freight trains. Sections of the railway connections between Graz and Györ and Wiener Neustadt and Sopron will also be modernised and electrified.
According to the EU authority, this should make travel more comfortable and reduce CO2 emissions. The funds come from the EU infrastructure pot "Connecting Europe Facility".
Thomas Cook: all trips cancelled until October 31
The German tour operator Thomas Cook has cancelled all trips up to and including 31 October 2019 one day after its insolvency application.  Travel "could not be started for insolvency reasons", the company announced on Thursday evening.
This also affects bookings of the brands Thomas Cook Signature, Thomas Cook Signature Finest Selection, Neckermann Reisen, ÖGER TOURS, Bucher Reisen and Air Marin, which are already paid or paid in full. The company left open the question of travel with Start from 1 November 2019. In coordination with the insolvency insurance, the further procedure will be examined, it said.
Thomas Cook in Germany was caught in the wake of the bankruptcy of the British parent company and filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday. The company, which includes Neckermann Reisen, Öger Tours and Bucher Reisen, employs about 2000 people in Germany.
Insurer wants to transfer money back to Hotels from now on
On the other hand, from this Friday Hotels abroad, which currently still accommodate Thomas Cook holidaymakers, are to receive money from Zurich Insurance. According to Zurich, payments to Hotels are subject to the condition that holidaymakers are no longer required to make Extra payments.
On the basis of the booking information and without presenting separate invoices, Hotels in the holiday resorts are now to receive 50 percent of the outstanding payments, as a Zurich spokesman told the German Press Agency. "This applies immediately and provided that Thomas Cook travellers are not required by these Hotels to pay hotel bills individually or otherwise," spokesman Bernd Engelien continued.
The insurance company responded to reports from hotel guests who had been forced to pay for their own accommodation on site. Some had to put more than 1000 euros on the table. The German travel association (DRV) and the Federal Association of consumer centers had sharply criticized this.
How many Hotels are affected will be coordinated with the insolvent travel provider on Friday, said the Insurance spokesman. According to information from Thursday, there were still 70 000 Thomas Cook package holidays from Germany on the way. Zurich Germany has secured the holiday and return trip of Thomas Cook customers.
Insolvency administrators want to try to continue the three Thomas Cook companies in Germany and find a future solution.
However, the now announced payments to hotels by Zurich Insurance only help travelers who are currently still on the road. For Thomas Cook customers who still want to go on holiday, things look bad. Late on Thursday evening, the company announced that all travel up to and including October 31 would be cancelled.  This also applies to bookings that have already been paid.
The company left open the question of travel with Start from 1 November 2019. In coordination with the insolvency insurance, the further procedure will be examined, it said. In principle, Zurich Insurance is also responsible for these cases. Sales of new trips have stopped. dpa
The company refers to the insurer Zurich, which is represented by the company Kaera. Customers could find out about ways to refund the travel price on the Kaera website and assert their claims via a web form.
Prince Harry destroys mine in Angola
Prince Harry has long continued the engagement of Lady Diana. In Africa he now walks directly in the footsteps of his mother.
Wearing a blue shatterproof vest, the British Prince Harry detonated and destroyed an explosive mine in Angola.
On Friday morning, near a camp of the British Halo Trust near Dirico, he produced the ignition circuit in front of TV cameras. At a safe distance, the explosive exploded in the savannah landscape without causing any damage. Although the Halo Trust alone has destroyed more than 100,000 relics of decades of bloody conflict in the African country, there are still more than 1,000 minefields threatening the population.
On the fifth day of his trip to Africa, Harry wanted to follow in the footsteps of his mother Diana (1961-1997) in the city of Huambo. With the same warden who once accompanied his mother, he wanted to travel the way she was going at the time. The pictures in which Princess Diana walked through a cleared minefield in 1997 had gone around the world. She had also demonstrated support for the Halo Trust.
Harry (35) and his wife Meghan (38) have been on a ten-day trip to Africa since Monday, which began in the South African tourist metropolis of Cape Town.
Stalled Brexit negotiations: the danger of a no-deal remains acute
In fact, Prime Minister Boris Johnson had clearly defined himself: with him there will certainly not be a third postponement of the Brexit negotiations. But what statements are with the polarizing Briton already of eternal duration. The recent judgment of the Supreme Court in Great Britain hovers like a sword of Damocles over the blond head. His suspension of Parliament in order to be able to carry out his Brexit course stubbornly until the exit date was cancelled earlier this week. And a law passed by Parliament obliges Johnson to extend the bilateral talks until 31 October in the event of failed negotiations with the EU.  However, Johnson had categorically ruled that out again and again.
Boris Johnson still considers Deal possible
But the pressure doesn't seem to pass Johnson either. In the meantime, during a visit to a hospital, he hinted that he supported an extension of the negotiations until the end of October in the event of a non-agreement:
You know, we will abide by the law.
At the same time, however, we are confident that we will leave the EU by 31 October.
And best with a Deal. I am cautiously optimistic that this will work.
And time is running out for the Brexit negotiators in Brussels. The EU and the British negotiators have about six weeks left to prevent the UK from leaving the European Union without an agreement. But even the most recent talks have not made a breakthrough. An agreement by the end of October currently seems rather difficult to imagine. If the British Prime Minister does not break the law, a new postponement of the withdrawal date is in force. But the Opposition does not trust the Prime Minister's words. She fears that Johnson could somehow enforce Brexit in the event of a no-deal.
US authorities: more deaths from e-cigarettes
The number of deaths related to the use of e-cigarettes in the USA has risen to twelve. In addition, there are now 805 confirmed and probable injuries in this context, the US health authority CDC reported. According to a study in the "New England Journal of Medicine", there were already more than 900 people affected, around 500 of them confirmed. The cause of the lung damage is still completely unclear. No similar increase in lung damage is known in Europe. The complaints seem to be limited to users in the US.
Fear of new protests in Egypt grows
The Videos of Mohammed Ali have been shared millions of times in online networks. The building contractor and actor, who lives in Spain, calls for a "people's revolution". Today, he has called for further protests against President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi and the Egyptian military, which critics accuse of corruption and mismanagement. Ali is hoping for mass rallies with one Million participants in central places of the country.
In any case, the security authorities are alarmed. There was already an increased police presence in central Cairo. Several metro stations remained closed, and roads around central Tahrir Square were closed. Already in recent days, the police had stepped up their street checks and searched the mobile phones of pedestrians partly for news and photos in connection with the protests.
On 20 September, demonstrators also gathered around Tahrir Square.
Last weekend there were protests in Cairo, Alexandria, Suez and Mansura with hundreds of participants. There had not been such an open Protest in Egypt for years. Accordingly, the security forces reacted harshly. According to the human Rights Watch (HRW), nearly 2000 people have been arrested since last week. Many of them were arbitrarily arrested - simply because they were "in the wrong place at the wrong time," HRW reported, citing lawyers from those arrested.
The organization also criticized the censorship in the North African country. According to the report, the government in Cairo is blocking Websites and online services in order to prevent further protests against al-Sisi. The General has ruled the country since 2013, after overthrowing the democratically elected Islamist President Mohammed Morsi. Thousands of Islamists, anti-government activists, bloggers and activists have been detained and partially sentenced in recent years.
"Ocean Change": Arved Fuchs from Greenland Expedition back
Polar explorer Arved Fuchs returned from his Greenland Expedition on Friday. When he arrived in the port of Hamburg, he was greeted by, among others, Skipper Boris Herrmann, who had brought climate activist Greta Thunberg across the Atlantic with the racing yacht "Malizia".
In recent months, Fuchs and a team of scientists have been investigating and documenting the consequences of global warming on his sailing ship "Dagmar Aaen" on the coasts of Iceland and Greenland.
The Fridays For Future Movement is a blessing, said the polar researcher. He had been waiting for years for the young Generation to speak out. It has been known for decades that the Earth is warming. Nevertheless, many acted as if there was a planet B.
"What happens at sea often takes place in private," Fuchs said. He and his Team wanted to inform people about the effects of global warming and marine litter. During the Expedition, Greenland glacier ice was measured with a drone and fished for microplastics with nets, it was reported.
For his" fight for a sustainable and respectful use of the world's oceans", the polar researcher from Bad Bramstedt was awarded the" Seadevcon Maritime Award " as part of the Hamburg Climate Week. "For all of us who care about the survival of the oceans, Arved Fuchs is a great role model," said skipper Boris Herrmann at the award ceremony. "He is a witness to the changes that have taken place in the Arctic in recent decades."
Expensive Spaghetti in Rome: tourists paid 430 euros for pasta
430 euros for two plates of Spaghetti with fish in a simple Restaurant not far from Castel Sant'angelo in Rome: that seemed too much for two Japanese tourists. The bill with 80 euro tip included was paid by the two women, but they posted the receipt on Facebook, which caused heated reactions.
"Such cases damage the reputation of Rome. We call on the police to investigate whether this is a fraud," demanded a spokesman for Federagit, the Association of tourist guides in Rome, according to the Roman daily Il Messaggero (Friday edition).
Promptly came the reaction of the owners of the restaurant. The local owner justified himself by saying that the Japanese had not only ordered Spaghetti, but also fresh fish. However, this is not to be taken from the invoice. A tip of up to 20 percent of the bill is also normal, said the innkeeper.
A call to Ukraine, and everything is broken? US President Donald Trump could indeed face impeachment proceedings after the turbulent revelations of the past few days, the Democrats now want to examine this as quickly as possible with their investigation in the House of Representatives - there is talk of weeks until a decision would be made.
At the beginning of the scandal is allegedly a phone call with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Selensky. The accusation of the whistleblower, who ultimately brought the conversation to the public with his complaint out of concern for national security and democracy in the United States, is monstrous: the president has abused the power of his office to instrumentalize the government of another country to influence the 2020 election. He had blackmailed Ukraine's dependence and wanted to force it to take action against a political opponent.
The core of this project can also be seen in the transcript of the conversation with Selensky, which has since been published, although it does not reflect the full text. But the July 25 phone call is only one Episode of a much larger story, centered on Trump and his personal lawyer: Rudy Giuliani.
The story begins from the public's perspective in May 2019, when the New York Times reports on Rudy Giuliani's travel plans to Ukraine. He wants to meet in Kiev with the newly elected president Selensky, and the lawyer himself knows very well that his intentions are delicate. "We don't interfere in an election, we interfere in an investigation, which we have the right to do," he tells the newspaper. You might think it's inappropriate, but"there's nothing illegal about it." Giuliani wants investigations to be pursued in Ukraine, for which there is hardly any basis - "because this information will be very, very helpful for my client and could turn out to be helpful for my government".
The lawyer and former New York mayor appears to have been infected with right-wing conspiracy fantasies focused on Trump's opponent in the 2016 election: Hillary Clinton had colluded with actors in Ukraine, critics said at the time, in order to construct an occasion for the Russia investigation in the United States. However, this accusation was never to be taken seriously.
This is precisely the investigation that Trump will talk about so prominently on the phone with Selenskyj in July. The Version of Giuliani and the president reads: the former vice president and currently promising candidate for the presidential candidacy of the Democrats, Joe Biden, as Ukraine representative of the Obama administration pressed for the dismissal of the then Ukrainian Attorney General Viktor Schokin. In order to stop the investigation he was responsible for Into the gas company on whose supervisory board his son Hunter Biden served. Biden senior had financially blackmailed Ukraine in order to cover up the corrupt activities of his family.
In fact, the process was somewhat different. When Joe Biden demanded that the Ukrainian Attorney General leave, the investigation against the gas company had already been completed, Hunter Biden was never directly affected by it. Schokin was also himself accused of profoundly corrupt conduct, and the US government was far from the only Western Partner pushing for his release. In addition, the Obama administration even explicitly supported the investigation against the company.
Instagram Facebook and Whatsapp disruptions: social media are down
Instagram and Facebook users around the world are reporting massive disruptions. Germany, Great Britain and Spain are particularly affected. On the Website allestörungen.de users report that Facebook has not been charging since about 3.30 pm. Instagram also displays the error message that content could not be loaded. Whatsapp also seems affected by the disruption, although not to the same extent so far.
Instagram and co. affected more by interference 
It is not the first massive incident this year. Already in March and in July the services had been cancelled for several hours. And as in the previous cases, this time too, users mainly resort to Twitter to vent their anger.
Polish scientists rescued in Antarctica
Three Polish scientists have been rescued from the ice of Antarctica by the Chilean Air Force. They were traveling in a dinghy and several miles from their base when their engine failed. They were lucky in their misfortune - it took less than an hour for the Chilean rescue helicopter to rescue them.
Eduardo Mosquera, commander of the 4th Chilean Air Brigade:
"At 9: 30 we received the news, we started shortly before Ten, and a good 20 minutes later we were over the rubber dinghy".
Poland has operated the Henryk Arctowski Polish Antarctic Station on King George Island since 1977, with 19 scientists working there. The frozen researchers were safely returned to their research station.
Attention: never charge your Smartphone wirelessly
Convenient, but harmful
Inductive technology via Qi Standard is extremely practical, but should not be used.
Since several new Smartphones have recently been launched on the market that support wireless charging and sell very well - especially the new iPhone 11 models, we would like to recall a study from early July. The wireless charging of mobile devices is extremely practical, but not necessarily recommended.
Higher temperature increases battery
Researchers warn against wireless charging of Smartphones. According to the findings of the University of Warwick, this is extremely harmful for the devices. The reason for this is the significantly greater heat development. If you charge a mobile phone normally by Cable, the battery heats up to 27 degrees within three hours. When it comes to wireless charging, the researchers have always measured over 30 degrees, even when the smartphone is perfectly aligned on the charging pad. If the mobile phone is slightly next to the coil, the temperature rises even higher. In addition, the Watt strength of the charging pad increases, which in turn drives the power consumption up.
Capacity and lifetime
According to the researchers, temperature is a crucial factor for battery life. Every single degree plays a role here. When charging at higher temperatures, the battery not only repents of capacity, but also does not last as long overall. The service life is therefore lower. The researchers therefore recommend charging the Smartphone by cable at all times. Since battery replacement is always associated with high costs on modern Smartphones, this should be a helpful tip. Apple has recently even increased the cost of a battery replacement - for all iPhones.
Practical
The technology is extremely convenient:simply place the device on an appropriate charging pad - these are already installed in many Restaurants, airports, Hotels and cars - and the battery is charged without annoying cable clutter and tedious plug fiddling. Since Qi (stands for inductive power transmission) is a worldwide Standard, which even Apple participates in, there are hardly any restrictions. However, according to the researchers, the technology should only be used in exceptional cases.
Everest-traffic-jam-photographer: 13 eight-thousanders in six months
A Nepalese climber has climbed 13 of the 14 highest mountains in the world in just six months. Nirmal Purja (36) has reached the top of Manaslu in Nepal and thus set a record, his expedition operator announced.
The former soldier wants to climb all 14 eight-thousanders in seven months. Purja calls his project "Mission Possible". He has already made international headlines: he took a photo of climbers queuing up on Mount Everest that went viral in spring.
The image of mass immigration sparked a debate about stronger security measures on the 8848-Meter-high mountain and highest peak on Earth. In May, eleven climbers died during the ascent within a few days.
A problem for Purja could be the ascent of the 14th eight-thousander: currently Chinese authorities block the Xixabangma mountain in Tibet.  The reason for this is, among other things, bad weather. Earlier in the week, Purja wrote on Twitter that Nepal's government wanted to talk to China to enable him to ascend.
Four dead elephants discovered on Sri Lanka
Among the dead animals was also a pregnant elephant cow, a police spokesman said on Friday. "We suspect that the elephants were poisoned."
The four carcasses were found in a protected area near the famous and visited by many tourists former rock fortress Sigiriya. According to the police spokesman, the animals were probably between 15 and 25 years old. An autopsy was ordered to determine the cause of death.
In Sri Lanka almost 200 elephants are killed every year. The perpetrators are often farmers on whose land the animals had previously held themselves harmless. At the same time, around 50 people are killed by elephants every year. This usually happens when the animals move through villages built near their habitat.
According to estimates, only about 7,000 elephants live in Sri Lanka. Their killing is theoretically punishable by death.
Detained British oil tanker leaves Iran
The British oil tanker "Stena Impero" leaves the port city of Bandar Abbas more than two months after it was anchored by Iran. According to the IRNA news agency, Bandar Abbas Maritime Bureau announced this. The Iranian Revolutionary Guards had arrested the British-flagged Tanker on 19 July on charges of violating maritime law in the Persian Gulf.
Management of Thomas Cook in the criticism
The responsible economic committee of the House of Commons wants to comprehensively investigate the bankruptcy of travel giant Thomas Cook. It is supposed to be about the salary packages of the board as well as about the question why the British government did not want to financially match the struggling company. "We are interested in the supervision of the company as well as the control by external auditors", said the committee chairman Rachel Reeves in London. "Obviously, we are dealing with a bad example of management greed."
According to experts, genes are overestimated in colon cancer risk
The role of genes in the familially increased risk of colorectal cancer has apparently been overestimated so far. This is the conclusion reached by researchers of the German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ) Heidelberg in a recent study. Other risk factors, such as family eating habits, are likely to weigh more heavily than previously assumed. This has consequences for calculations of the individual risk of colon cancer, emphasize the DKFZ scientists.
Elon Musk raises Tesla shares
Musk wrote this in an e-mail to Tesla employees published on Thursday (local time) by the industry blog "Electrek". Demand was strong, so Tesla could book 110,000 orders, Musk's circular continued.
The challenge is to get the cars to customers quickly. To do this, Tesla must provide as many resources as possible at the end of the quarter.
Investors liked the information: Tesla's shares went out of trading with an increase of over six percent. The price has not risen so strongly in almost four months. In the second quarter, Tesla delivered a good 95,000 cars and thus reached its previous best.
Musk needs records to achieve his high goals. In 2019, he plans to deliver a total of 360,000 to 400,000 cars. This requires six-digit figures in the current and coming quarters. Especially the cheapest Tesla Model 3 is in demand, but the profit margins are low. Despite the boom, there have been losses recently.
Does British government want to circumvent Brexit law? Johnson reserved
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson is keeping a low profile on whether he is looking for ways to circumvent the law against an unregulated Brexit recently passed by Parliament. In response to a question on Friday, he merely told journalists that his government would comply with applicable law.
The law stipulates that the government must request a postponement of the exit date if no agreement with the EU is reached by mid-October. Johnson criticizes this as a" surrender law " that makes negotiations with the EU more difficult.
On Thursday, former British Prime Minister John Major suggested that Johnson might try to use "political harassment" to circumvent the law. Johnson could use a procedural trick, which defers the entry into force of the law until after the EU exit.
Johnson said he was seeking a treaty with the European Union. "We are confident to leave the EU on 31 October, and the best way is with an agreement."
Iran apparently ramping up uranium enrichment
Iran's President Hassan Rouhani has increased pressure on European contractors in the dispute over the rescue of the historic nuclear agreement. "Unfortunately, European states are showing incompetence or unwillingness when it comes to concrete actions," Rouhani said at a press conference on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly in New York on Thursday. In the event that they did not live up to their promises, he envisioned "further steps" away from the agreements of the painstakingly negotiated 2015 agreement.
The background is the conflict over the international agreement to prevent an Iranian nuclear bomb, which in return included a commitment to Tehran to normalize economic relations. The US single-handedly pulled out of the agreement in 2018 in order to force Iran to change course in what it considered to be an aggressive Middle East policy with "maximum pressure". The government of President Donald Trump wants to negotiate a new agreement with tougher conditions and is now again relying on tough sanctions against Tehran. Iran reacted to this last with a resumption of the uranium enrichment limited in the treaty.
The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) confirmed in a report that the Islamic Republic is now using the centrifuges installed at the beginning of September, or at least has prepared them for use with uranium. According to IAEA data, Iran is also preparing the construction of more than 300 additional centrifuges.
Perhaps the Europeans were not willing to pay their share of the deal and therefore left the Iranians alone with the costs and burden of US sanctions, Rohani suspected. However, there will still be further discussions that hopefully bring a solution.
Rohani further denies Iran's involvement in attacks in Saudi Arabia
However, the situation has changed after an attack on an important oil plant in Saudi Arabia in mid-September: Germany, France and the United Kingdom followed the US assessment on Monday that Tehran was responsible for the attack. Originally, the Iranian-backed Houthi rebels in Yemen had committed to the attack, but this was considered by the US to be a false confession. "We have nothing to do with this," Rohani reiterated his Position on Wednesday.
"Those who make such accusations must provide evidence of this," Rohani said. However, the European leaders in the talks with him during the UN General Debate could not have done that. Instead, they had only claimed that the rebels in Yemen could not carry out an attack like this. Rouhani had met with German Chancellor Angela Merkel, French President Emmanuel Macron and British Prime Minister Boris Johnson in recent days.
Before possible talks with US President Trump, the far-reaching sanctions of the US Administration must first be lifted, Rohani demanded. He called on the government in Washington to shift to a policy of "dialogue and reason."
Comet of other star crosses solar system
Astronomers are currently observing a comet from the depths of space. This was only possible once before. The comet allows conclusions to be drawn about other solar systems.
What was initially only a guess is now confirmed: an interstellar guest crosses through our solar system. The comet from the depths of space was named 2i/Borisov after its discoverer and has aroused the interest of astronomers all over the world.
The far-travelled comet was discovered on 30 August by amateur astronomer Gennady Borisov at the Margo Observatory in Crimea-using a homemade telescope of 65 centimetres in diameter. Observations from various observatories not only confirmed that it is an unknown comet, but also showed that it does not originate from our solar system.
2i / Borisov is, after 1I/'Oumuamua of 2017, only the second interstellar object to be sighted during a fly-through of our solar system.
2i / Borisov offers astronomers the rare Chance to get close-up views of an alien solar system before it disappears never to be seen again. Initial observations show that the interstellar comet resembles those of our own system, as reported by The Astrophysical Institute of the Canary Islands. "The current speed of the comet is high, about 150,000 kilometers per hour, which at this distance is well above the typical speeds of objects orbiting the sun," Davide Farnocchia of the US space agency Nasa reported in a statement.
According to the analyses, the comet is travelling on a so - called hyperbolic orbit that takes it out of our System-and clearly of interstellar origin, as the International Astronomical Union (IAU) has announced. It is also responsible for naming and categorizing celestial bodies. In honor of its discoverer, the interstellar tail star, initially listed under catalog number C/2019 Q4, was given the designation 2i/Borisov, with the first part of the name indicating that it is the second interstellar object discovered in our solar system.
The astronomers are lucky: in contrast to 1I/ ' Oumuamua, 2i / Borisov has already been sighted in approach. This leaves the researchers many months for investigations. "The object will reach its maximum brightness in mid-December and will be visible with medium-sized telescopes until April 2020," explained Farnocchia. "After that, until October 2020, it will only be possible to observe with larger, professional telescopes."
Several observatories have already targeted the visitor. For example, a team led by Karen Meech of the University of Hawaii, who had already led the characterization of 1I/'Oumuamua, determined the diameter of the celestial object at 2 to 16 kilometers in a first study. Images from the Gemini Observatory in Hawaii show a distinct tail of the comet.
Researchers at the Astrophysical Institute of the Canary Islands (IAC) have already obtained the first so-called spectrum from the interstellar tail star, which provides a kind of fingerprint of its chemical composition. "The spectrum of this object is similar to that of comets in our solar system, and this indicates that its composition must be similar," reported IAC researcher Julia de León. This observation suggests that comets in other solar systems could be formed by processes similar to ours, added De León's colleague Javier Licandro.
According to the IAU, the discovery of two interstellar visitors within just two years suggests that these objects could open up a new way of exploring certain processes in other solar systems. However, it is still difficult to estimate how frequent such visits are. One of the next interstellar visitors could possibly be intercepted by a planned satellite mission of the European Space Agency (Esa).
The agency wants to station the three-part spacecraft "Comet Interceptor" (German for Comet interceptors) on a waiting position 1.5 million kilometres from Earth by 2028. According to ESA science director Günther Hasinger, it should either be lurking for a still untouched, fresh comet from our own solar system, or for an interstellar visitor such as 1I/'Oumuamua.
First landing at Beijing's new Mega-Airport Daxing
Just in time for the 70th birthday of the people's Republic, the time has come: a first passenger plane of China United Airlines has landed at the new Mega Airport in the south of the Chinese capital, a special honor for the captain and Crew. 
By 2022, around 45 million passengers are expected to be handled annually at the new airport, by 2025 the figure is expected to be 72 million. Chinese President Xi Jinping personally announced the opening of the 450 billion project. China's most recent prestigious project is also called "Starfish" because of its six-armed building structure.
The complex has four runways, which will later be expanded to seven, and is equipped with the world's largest automatic air traffic management system. A new subway-new subway transports passengers to downtown Beijing in just 20 minutes.
Already during the construction, the Chinese had repeatedly let it be known that Berlin could learn from Beijing. The opening of the Capital Airport in Germany, which has been under construction since 2006 and is considerably smaller, has been postponed time and again. In Beijing, on the other hand, the first passenger plane landed after only four years.
New supersonic aircraft to fly in 2030: from London to Sydney in four and a half hours
From London to Sydney in just four and a half hours - that's what the UK Space Agency dreams of. The aim is to make this flight at supersonic speed, which is planned for the 2030s, possible thanks to a special propulsion system (Synergetic Air-Breathing Rocket Engine, Sabre) developed by Reaction Engines from Oxfordshire, the US broadcaster CNN quoted the agency as saying. "This is the technology that could definitely do this," agency head Graham Turnock told the station. "We are talking about the 2030s for commissioning, and the work is already very advanced."
In order to advance the project, the British space agency wants to work more closely with the Australian Space Agency. A flight from the British capital to the Australian metropolis currently takes about 20 hours. As the only supersonic passenger aircraft to date, Concorde covered the New York-Paris route from 1976 until it ceased operations in 2003, taking three to three and a half hours. In 2000, an accident occurred during the take-off of a Concorde at the Charles de Gaulle Airport in Paris, in which all 109 passengers were killed. Last year, the US aircraft manufacturer Lockheed Martin announced plans to develop a supersonic aircraft, the "X-Plane", together with the US space agency Nasa. Virgin Galactic also has such developments in its program.
"Sabre will make the world smaller with its high-speed point-to-point Transport," Reaction Engines writes on its Homepage. The Sabre drive could be used for efficient travel at a speed of Mach 5 - five times the speed of sound. In addition, such aircraft can also be used outside the Earth's atmosphere and thus enable the "next Generation of truly reusable creamers".
Uproar in Washington: Trump wants to track down anonymous tipsters in Ukraine affair
In the Ukraine affair over possible abuse of power by the US President, Donald Trump wants to track down possible leaks in the White House.
"I want to know who gave the Whistleblower the information," Trump told staff at the U.S. Embassy to the United Nations in New York on Thursday. The person concerned is almost " a spy "and such people have been treated" a bit differently " in the past than today.
This was considered an intimidation attempt against typists. The event was not actually public. However, several US media broadcast audio recordings of the speech on Friday. Democrats reacted indignantly to the president's statement.
On Tuesday, the Democrats in the US House of Representatives announced preparations for impeachment proceedings against Trump. Their accusations are based primarily on the written complaint of an anonymous intelligence official, who makes serious accusations against Trump and his government headquarters. Following great public pressure, the descriptions of the whistleblower were made public on Thursday.
As part of his work, the Whistleblower claims to have received information from several government officials that the US president is "using the power of his office" to get another country to interfere in his favor in the 2020 US election.
At the center of the allegations is a controversial phone call between Trump and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Selenskyj in late July, in which Trump encouraged his counterpart to conduct investigations that could harm his political rival Joe Biden. It deals with former business dealings of Biden's son Hunter in Ukraine and alleged efforts to protect his offspring from Ukrainian justice. Biden is ahead in the race for the Democratic presidential nomination for the 2020 election.
The Whistleblower also accused the White House of covering up the Ukraine phone call: senior government officials had tried to keep the exact wording of the call under wraps. As usual, an electronic text report had been drawn up. After the interview, however, this was removed from a database usually provided for this purpose on the instructions of White House lawyers and instead stored in a specially protected System. So far, only a rough conversation log has been published.
The identity of the whistleblower is not publicly known. The" New York Times " reported that he was an employee of the Foreign Intelligence Service CIA.
On Friday, Trump again questioned the credibility of the source. In a series of Tweets on the subject, the president wrote, among other things, that the "so-called Whistleblower" had disseminated second-hand information that turned out to be inaccurate. Therefore, there may be no tipsters or spies at all.
However, how Trump expressed himself in New York about those who allegedly leaked information to the Whistleblower provoked outrage. House of Representatives leader Nancy Pelosi reacted with concern and complained that Trump's statement once again undermined the integrity of the government.
In the House of Representatives, various investigations against Trump and his environment have been underway for months in various committees. In light of the Ukraine allegations, the Democrats are now pushing forward investigations with renewed vigour in order to initiate a possible impeachment proceedings against Trump.
"The Whistleblower gave us a roadmap for our investigation," said House Intelligence Committee Chairman Adam Schiff. Trump attacked Schiff sharply, accused him of misrepresenting things and again demanded the resignation of the committee chairman. Trump regularly insults Schiff and had already demanded his withdrawal months ago.
In a statement released on Friday, more than 300 former US administration officials from the security and foreign policy sectors, most of whom worked under Democratic as well as Republican presidents, backed the investigation initiated by the Democrats for possible impeachment proceedings. If the allegations prove true, it would be "an unscrupulous abuse of power" by Trump, it said.
There is no exact timetable for the further procedure. With their majority in the House of Representatives, the Democrats could try a so-called Impeachment process. However, the decision on an actual impeachment would fall in the Senate, where Trump's Republicans have the majority. The prospects for success of such a procedure are, therefore, low. So far, no US president has been removed from office by Impeachment proceedings.
VW works council: jobs are being" creepily " dismantled
The plans of the VW brand to further reduce costs in production could be at the expense of production in Germany and Europe. This concern is driving the works council of the car manufacturer around. The brand wants to reduce its annual factory costs of ten billion euros by two billion euros by 2023. Of this, 500 million euros are to be saved this year.
One key to this is personnel costs. The "future pact" negotiated between the company and the works council in 2016 already provides for the reduction of 14,000 jobs in Germany alone by 2020. Basically, a workplace can only be dismantled by the car manufacturer if it is virtually proven that the associated activities are no longer necessary. Employment protection also applies until 2029.
As our newspaper now learned from works council circles, however, jobs in production that were not actually up for grabs are being "gradually" cut down via another route - that is, past the official course. Thus, vacant regular positions would often not be filled again.
In these cases, the works council had no way of forcing the replacement. In the meantime, there were no personnel in many places, the work density was increasing, and the worries about a gradual bleeding out of the vehicle plants were becoming greater. This also raises fears that vehicle production could be gradually withdrawn from Germany and Europe because it is cheaper in other parts of the world. Of VW it said only: "an adjustment of the employment volume takes place as agreed socially compatible along the demographic curve".
The VW brand wants to standardize production worldwide even more and control new projects centrally. This should also reduce costs and speed up decisions - the aim is to increase productivity and thus competitiveness. Chief Production Officer Andreas Tostmann said at a management conference in Berlin: "especially in uncertain times from Brexit to the impending trade war between the USA and China, we are well advised to make ourselves crisis-proof."
There have already been successes in this direction: this year, for example, for the first time since 2013, production costs per vehicle would fall compared to the previous year. Tostmann told journalists that the production time for the Golf 8, which will be presented in Wolfsburg on October 24, will be shortened by 1.1 hours. VW does not give exact figures on the production time, according to information from our newspaper, it amounts to around
20 hours.
In our region, the main plant in Wolfsburg is the only VW factory in which vehicles are produced. The Braunschweig and Salzgitter plants produce components. For Wolfsburg, VW's internal rule of thumb is that 800,000 cars must be built there every year in order for the plant to be satisfactorily profitable. In 2018, however, the capacity utilization in Wolfsburg was only around 700,000 vehicles - due to the declining Diesel demand and the problems with the changeover to the new consumption and exhaust gas test procedure WLTP.
As Chief Production Officer Tostmann announced last year, however, one Million cars are to roll off the production line in Wolfsburg "in perspective". This should make the bundling of the Golf production in the main plant possible-because the Zwickau plant transfers the Golf production through the conversion to the location for the electric car production.
In addition, the SUV Tiguan and Tarraco (Seat) are produced in Wolfsburg. However, sales of Golf and Tiguan have recently declined. Therefore, expectations now rest on the Golf 8. despite all efforts to develop e-mobility, it is to remain the bread-and-Butter car of the Wolfsburg family for the time being.
Forced into Prostitution with voodoo: human traffickers sentenced
Young women from Nigeria have been sworn in, smuggled into the Ruhr region and forced into Prostitution. Six suspected traffickers have to go to prison.
Six suspected human traffickers from Nigeria were sentenced to probation and imprisonment of up to eight years and three months in Bochum on Friday. The defendants had smuggled young women from Nigeria into the Ruhr region and forced them into Prostitution. In order to force their obedience, the Nigerian women who wanted to leave had to take a ritual oath in front of a voodoo priest at home.
The victims were between 17 and 22 years old. They were brought across the Mediterranean in rubber dinghies with the help of Libyan smugglers. However, the dream of a better future did not come true. Arriving in Germany, they were distributed to various brothels in order to process the alleged smuggling costs of an average of 25,000 euros. The wages were therefore completely taken from them.
The defendants - four men and two women-had admitted the smuggling and subsequent distribution of young Nigerian women to brothels during the trial. "The work made the women physically and mentally difficult," said judge Isabel Hoffmann at the sentencing hearing. "Some were really disgusted".
The verdicts are on commercial and gang-related smuggling of foreigners, human trafficking, pimping and severe forced prostitution.
Ufo calls for negotiations with Lufthansa
FIm's ongoing dispute with the Lufthansa Group has once again threatened the flight attendants ' union Ufo with strikes.
If the company does not return to the negotiating table, the Union will "inform on 14 October about the industrial action in the LH Group", Ufo tariff board member Daniel Flohr announced on Friday.  Lufthansa and its subsidiary Eurowings have been refusing to negotiate collective agreements with the Ufo for months. The issue is also whether the union has legally terminated collective agreements at Lufthansa.
Following a decision by the Frankfurt labour court, Ufo now sees itself strengthened on this point. Lufthansa wanted to establish that the collective agreements had not been terminated. The court rejected the requests. The company confirmed the decision and is considering appealing against it. "I think it is unlikely that a second court will see the matter in a completely different light," said Ufo board member Flohr.
In August, Lufthansa also submitted an application to the Regional Labour Court in Frankfurt to have the status of the Ufo as a trade union reviewed in court. The company argues that the union has not appointed a representative board for months and is therefore unable to fulfil its role as a collective bargaining partner.
This was preceded by a fierce leadership dispute in the trade union, during which numerous members of the executive board as well as the advisory board resigned, including the long-time head of the trade union Nicoley Baublies. Due to doubts about its leadership, the Ufo had suspended an already begun ballot on cabin crew strikes at Eurowings at the end of July.
Facilitated entry: Saudi Arabia announces new Visa system
Until now, Saudi Arabia was not exactly known as an international tourist Magnet. But that is about to change. The country on the Persian Gulf wants to introduce new Visa regulations.
With a new Visa system, Saudi Arabia wants to attract more international tourists in the future. By 2030, the number of international and domestic visitors is to be increased to 100 million per year, the Tourism Commission announced.
"The opening of Saudi Arabia to international tourists is a historic moment for our country," said the chairman of the Tourism Commission, Ahmad Al-Chatib.
Saudi Arabia is so far difficult for tourists to access. Visas are usually issued only for short business trips, religious pilgrimages or visitors with relatives in the desert state. With the new rules, the arch-conservative kingdom hopes to generate more revenue from the tourism business. According to Riyadh's own statement, Riyadh wants to reduce its dependence on oil trade.
In mid-September, several rockets and drones struck two of the most important oil facilities in eastern Saudi Arabia: the country's largest oil refinery in Abkaik and the Churais oil field. As a result, national oil production collapsed drastically, and oil prices skyrocketed. It is likely to take several weeks before the kingdom's oil production reaches its old level again.
Justin and Hailey Bieber in preparations for wedding party
Singer Justin Bieber (25) and his wife Hailey (22) are preparing for their wedding party. The Model posted several party photos in her Instagram Stories on Thursday (local time), in which she can be seen in the white wedding look. According to People magazine, Reality Star Kendall Jenner (23) and others had organised a bachelor party in Los Angeles.
Justin posted several colorful suits, including banana-printed suits, on Instagram and asked his followers, " Help me choose my tuxedo for the wedding." According to media reports, the celebrity couple wants to get married next weekend.
A year ago, the Biebers gave themselves the " Yes " vote in a New York registry office. There had not been a greater festival then.
In a recent Interview with Australian Vogue, Hailey explained that the two had found a common ground after some initial problems: "if you don't want to compromise, you can't have a relationship."
Two killed in plane crash in Czech Republic
Two people have died in the crash of a small plane in the west of the Czech Republic. The wreck was discovered on Friday in a forest area near the city of Mecin (Metschin), the police said. The dead were a 38-year-old woman and a 64-year-old man.
The authorities had been searching for the plane since Thursday evening, after the crew had sent a distress signal via GPS. A military helicopter was also deployed during the search. The cause of the accident has yet to be determined. The crash site is located about 30 kilometers south of Pilsen (Plzen) and 100 kilometers northeast of Regensburg.
Half of European tree species are threatened with extinction
In addition to pests, diseases, alien species, unsustainable logging and the growth of cities are also causes of the threat, the World Conservation Union IUCN reported in Brussels on Friday. She has studied the stocks of all 454 tree species known in Europe. 265 of them do not occur on any other continent. Of these 265, 58 percent are threatened. 66 are already at the highest level of danger and therefore facing extinction.
The IUCN classifies endangered species into six categories: from "potentially endangered" to "endangered", "critically endangered", "threatened with extinction" and "extinct in nature" to "extinct". In total, it lists more than 28,000 animal and plant species worldwide as endangered.
Mountain ash and wild horse-chestnut is threatened
In Germany, Mountain Ash (Sorbus) in particular are threatened, said one of the authors, David Allen, the German Press Agency. "Most are threatened because the populations are small anyway or by the transformation or weakening of their habitats".
It also looks bad for the wild ordinary horse chestnuts. They have been classified as "endangered", level two of the IUCN scale, since 2017. In addition to a fungus, the Balkan mini moth is the biggest threat. Since the 1980s, it has spread from Southeast Europe to the entire continent and has few natural enemies. IUCN estimates the number of wild horse chestnuts (Aesculus hippocastanum) in Europe to be less than 10,000. Not taken into account in this assessment are the trees in cities, Parks and avenues.
Shrub species and mosses also in danger
At the same time, the IUCN scientists created new European red lists for molluscs, shrubs and mosses. More than a fifth of molluscs and mosses and almost half of all shrub species are threatened, according to the IUCN. This is mainly due to the destruction of the wilderness, introduced species, agricultural practices and climate change. Molluscs such as snails played a key role in the recycling of nutrients in the soil and are an important food source for birds and other animals.
"This report shows that the situation is precarious for many overlooked and underestimated species, species that form the backbone of the European ecosystem and contribute to a healthy planet," said Luc Bas, IUCN director of the Europe office. "We need to limit the impact of humans on our ecosystems and make protecting these species a priority."
Earthquake in Istanbul 34 injured reported
34 people were injured in the latest earthquake in Turkey. According to the information, there were no deaths. Dozens of people were forced to leave their homes and 14 schools in Istanbul were closed for security reasons, Turkish Vice President Fuat Oktay said on Friday.
Hundreds of buildings were damaged. Since the quake the day before, there have been almost 200 aftershocks. The 5.8-magnitude earthquake shook the Marmara region outside Istanbul on Thursday and triggered panic in the metropolis of millions.
Now the government wants to set up a commission to better prepare the country for earthquakes in the Future, announced Oktay. Over the past 20 years, Turkey has not been sufficiently prepared for quakes, said Istanbul's mayor Ekrem Imamoglu.
Istanbul is considered particularly prone to earthquakes. Below the sea of Marmara lies a section of the so-called North Anatolian Fault, which marks the boundary between the Eurasian and the Anatolian plate.
One of the most severe quakes was one of magnitude 7.6 in 1999 near Istanbul. The epicentre was located in Gölcük, southeast of Istanbul. More than 17 000 people were killed.
On Tuesday, a 4.6-magnitude quake had already shaken the region around Istanbul. Authorities called on residents to stay away from damaged buildings.
Super Bowl 2020: Jennifer Lopez (JLo) and Shakira perform in the halftime show
Latin Pop singers Jennifer Lopez and Shakira will lead the halftime show of the next American Football final Super Bowl. The singers announced this on Twitter. "It doesn't get any bigger," Shakira wrote about a photo of herself and Lopez. She was incredibly excited to be on the Super Bowl stage. On February 2, 2020 it will be in Miami.
Jennifer Lopez explained that she had dreamed of performing at the Super Bowl since 1996, when she saw Diana Ross fly into the sky at the halftime show. "Now it's even more special because the NFL is 100 years old and I'm going to perform with another Latina." She couldn't wait "to show what we girls can do on the biggest stage in the world."
Shakira said in a statement that she is honored to stand alongside another artist on one of the largest stages in the world, representing Latinos and Latinas from the United States and around the world. "And then on my birthday!"The main sponsor of the event wrote on Twitter that it was the first time that the two "queens" were on a stage together.
Shakira is from Colombia. Jennifer Lopez was born in New York, her parents are from Puerto Rico.
Fight against falling audience numbers
The Super Bowl is the highlight of the American Football season. The game and the halftime show are among the most watched TV broadcasts in the USA. Even if you've seen audience numbers fall recently: this February, the spectacle attracted the fewest viewers in the United States in more than ten years. Nevertheless, there were still almost a hundred million people on average.
There had been uproar in the run-up to the halftime show of the previous Super Bowl: in the dispute over the handling of Quarterback Colin Kaepernick last February, according to media reports, top stars such as Rihanna, Pink and Cardi B did not want to perform. Finally, the pop group Maroon 5 led the halftime show - the reviews were not very friendly.
Kaepernick, then Quarterback for the San Francisco 49ers, had gone down on his knees before NFL games during the national anthem in Protest against police violence and racism in the 2016-17 season. With his Protest Kaepernick triggered a movement, numerous players took over the gesture. This caused great excitement, US President Donald Trump attacked the mostly African American football Stars sharply. Kaepernick himself has been without a club since March 2017 and has not played an NFL game. He accuses the clubs of not wanting to hire him for political reasons.
Cook-broke: Hotels get money from insurance
According to a press report, the bankruptcy of travel provider Thomas Cook is likely to cost some banks dearly. High write-downs on outstanding bonds and loans are threatened. Credit Suisse is also affected, writes The Financial Times in its Friday issue.
Banks such as Barclays, Morgan Stanley, UniCredit and Credit Suisse would probably have to write down a total of up to £ 1.8 billion (around € 2 billion) on their books, according to the report. Estimates by the consulting firm AlixPartners have shown this.
Bondholders would have to accept write-downs of between £ 900 million and £ 1 billion and lenders between £ 550 million and £ 825 million. The actual amounts to be written off are more likely to be at the upper end of the bandwidths, an expert told the paper.
How large the losses of the creditors will actually be in the end will become clear after the insolvency proceedings have ended. A person close to this procedure did not exude too much hope. For example, Thomas Cook's around 40 aircraft in the UK are "old" and many of the properties are in poor locations. The most money could probably be made with the sale of the airport Slots as well as the brand Thomas Cook, it said.
Missiles should have brought the alleged killer to Italy 
The Sea-Watch-captain Carola Missiles may have brought men to Italy to have tortured in Libya people and killed. "We cannot rule this out, but we do not have any reliable information on it ourselves," Ruben Neugebauer, spokesman for the refugee organization Sea-Watch, told the DPA news agency.
Other migrants recognized the three men in Italy. They are accused of raping, torturing and killing people in Libya. The alleged perpetrators were arrested in the reception centre in Messina, Italy. Neugebauer stressed that the refugee organizations could not verify who they were letting onto their ships. "They come without passports".
Carola Rackete had illegally brought migrants to the port of Lampedusa on 29 June, ramping up a ship belonging to the Italian financial police. On that day, the three suspects are said to have arrived there. The captain is under investigation for aiding and abetting illegal immigration.
US warns federal government against Huawei
The head of the US Federal Communications Commission (FCC), Ajit Pai, has warned the federal government not to trust the Chinese network equipment manufacturer Huawei.
We believe that the risks are too great, "Pai told Handelsblatt, referring to the construction of the new 5G mobile network.
China has a " national security law "that requires every company" under Chinese jurisdiction " to follow instructions from the security bodies.
Current law also prohibits companies from informing third parties about such requests," the FCC chairman continued. This makes it very difficult to have confidence in the integrity of technical equipment and services.
In the meantime, the federal government has agreed to demand a "declaration of trust" from suppliers.
Berlin initially wants to try to control the risks, for example with technical solutions, reports the "Handelsblatt" citing its own information.
Pai doubts that this is possible. The 5G technology does not only consist of the Hardware:
Especially the Software is important to keep the devices up to date. This Software consists of billions of lines of code that change over time," Pai said.
It is "very hard to imagine" that a government agency, "no matter where, would be able to check every single Update in real time to detect security risks," the FCC chairman continued.
He accuses the Chinese company Huawei of having close contacts with the Chinese state apparatus:
The ownership is opaque. The employee company that allegedly owns the company is not necessarily independent of the government," Pai told the Handelsblatt newspaper.
The US had evidence that government employees were placed within the company. Pai was recently in Berlin for talks to promote the US position.
Chemical factory in northern France burns: schools closed
At night, residents hear explosions. A gigantic wall of fire illuminates the sky above a chemical factory in northern France. The fire is extinguished after hours - but the clean-up could now take days.
After a fire at a chemical plant in the northern French city of Rouen on Thursday, schools and crèches in the Region remain closed.
In twelve municipalities, the facilities would not open on Friday as a precaution, the responsible Prefecture announced. The interior ministry had asked citizens to stay indoors as much as possible and not expose themselves to smoke. There were no casualties. Farmers and breeders were called upon to bring their animals indoors, protect their food and stop harvesting for the time being.
The fire could be completely extinguished on Thursday evening, as the prefecture announced. According to the prefecture on Twitter, there is still a risk that smell will spread after the deletion. According to the prefecture, 240 firefighters as well as 90 police officers and gendarmes were deployed at the scene of the fire.
A gigantic black column of smoke had previously risen from the chemical factory. French media reported huge flames and explosions at the factory of the company Lubrizol, which produces additives for oils. The production plant is located a few kilometers from the city center.
According to authorities, the factory in Normandy belongs to the so-called Seveso category of hazardous locations, which are specially monitored. In 1976, a devastating chemical accident occurred in Seveso near Milan, Italy.
The prefect of the Normandy region, Pierre-André Durand, told BFMTV that no "high toxicity" had been detected in samples at first. However, a pollution of the nearby Seine could not be ruled out. The prefecture explained that dams had been built in the river to prevent pollution.
The fire broke out early in the Morning at about 02.40 PM, reported the authorities. The cause remained unclear at first. Rouen is a regional metropolis and is located on the Seine between Paris and the port city of Le Havre.
French Finance Minister: "Germany must invest and now"
The French economy and Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire has called on Germany to invest more to boost economic growth in the Eurozone.
Germany needs to invest and it needs to do so now, the sooner the better, " Le Maire said on Thursday evening at the presentation of the French budget for the coming year.
The economy in the Eurozone is weakening, the Minister warned.
We must not wait until the economic Situation worsens in order to make the necessary decisions".
Those states that have budgetary room for manoeuvre for more investment must act, Le Maire said, with a view to Germany, among other things.
France does not have these margins, the Minister added, pointing to the high national debt of his country. This amounts to more than 98 percent of gross domestic product. The French national debt must be "stabilized" and "reduced," Le Maire said.
In recent years, France has repeatedly called on Germany to make more public investments to revive the European economy. In return, German politicians have repeatedly called on France to get its budget deficit under control.
The French budget for 2020, presented on Thursday, provides tax relief of more than nine billion euros for households.
Among other things, the French government is responding to the protests of the yellow vest movement. New debt is expected to fall to 2.2 percent, after an expected 3.1 percent this year.
Is he still trying to trick?: Johnson avoids question on Brexit tactics
British Prime Minister Johnson strongly criticises the "capitulation Act" passed by Parliament.
Parliament is back, a law dictates the British Prime Minister to avoid a Chaos Brexit. However, critics fear that Boris Johnson could still use a loophole. However, the Tory politician evaded this possibility.
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson is keeping a low profile on whether he wants to push through an unregulated Brexit - despite the law recently passed by parliament, which is precisely what should prevent it. In response to a question, Johnson simply told journalists that his government would abide by applicable law.
The law stipulates that the government must request a postponement of the exit date if no agreement with the EU is reached by mid-October. Johnson criticizes this as a" surrender law " that makes negotiations with the EU more difficult.
On Thursday, former British Prime Minister John Major suggested that Johnson might try to use "political harassment" to circumvent the law. The prime minister could use a procedural trick, which defers the entry into force of the law until after the EU exit. Johnson said he was seeking a treaty with the European Union. "We are confident to leave the EU on 31 October, and the best way is with an agreement."
Meanwhile, Mr Johnson's chief adviser Dominic Cummings said he saw the political clashes over Brexit as a "walk in the Park" and was confident that the intended EU exit would still be achieved: "we are enjoying this, we will win, we will (note 1). d. Red."leaving the EU), don't worry," Cummings told the British newspaper "Telegraph" at a book launch.
Cummings, who led the Vote Leave Brexit campaign during the campaign ahead of the 2016 EU Referendum, now serves as chief strategist at Downing Street. He is supposed to be behind the uncompromising policy that has led the prime minister into a hopeless Situation.
"The Polaroid Diaries" by Linda McCartney
Jimi Hendrix, Bob Dylan or Janis Joplin-they were all in front of the camera of Linda McCartney, who has become one of the great rock photographers. But it doesn't always have to be the big Glamour. The photo book "The Polaroid Diaries" (Taschen) delves deeply into the very private world of the McCartney family.
Paul McCartney, who was married to her from 1969 until Linda's death in 1998, was visibly proud and moved when he presented the illustrated book "The Polaroid Diaries" at the Victoria and Albert Museum in London in mid-September. Among the illustrious guests were Ringo Starr, Stella McCartney, Olivia Harrison and Pretenders frontwoman Chrissie Hynde.
Instagram's Instagram post read: "#Thepolaroiddiaries is a glimpse into the life of an extraordinary pre-Instagram family, a celebration of LindaMcCartney's legacy as a dedicated artist and the instant magic of Polaroid film."
With Linda McCartney, who had studied art history at the University of Aizona until she found photography, the camera was always there. She has made thousands of Polaroids, several hundred of which are now being published for the first time in "the Polaroid Diaries".
They are portraits, still lifes, landscapes, several hamsters, a sheep in the kitchen and other interiors from the early 70s to the late 90s. "She wanted real moments," writes the art critic Ekow Eshun in his preface. And of course there is always one in the spotlight: her husband Paul - as you may never have seen him before.
He dances with his daughter Mary on his shoulders, makes a phone call in a bathrobe with a bag on his head or wears shapeless moon boots. Sure, the McCartneys were an extraordinary family, but beyond the spotlight on their Farm in southern England or in Scotland they also led a normal life. According to the BBC, Mary McCartney said that when she was a Baby, she slept in a bed that her father had made out of old potato boxes. And it has not always been tidy with the McCartneys.
Like hardly any other Medium, the Poloraid camera captures the immediate Moment. The shots of Linda McCartney are certainly a kind of family diary, but they are much more than just snapshots.
It's about the deciding click: you have to recognize when a great photo happens in front of you. And then you have to snap it at exactly the right Moment," Paul McCartney said. "If you shoot two seconds later or two seconds earlier, it can be a completely different photo." And Linda would have had the gift of always capturing just the right Moment. "She just knew she had it," Paul said in the Eshun Essay.
The light, the composition, the image detail and the colours are right, which makes "the Polaroid Diaries" not only an entertaining picture book for Beatles Fans, but also a great aesthetic pleasure in addition to everything anecdotal, where landscapes sometimes look like abstract paintings. The perfect addition to the newly released Beatles Album "Abbey Road", which was released exactly 50 years ago.
"We will continue to buy oil and Gas from Iran"
Despite the US sanctions imposed on Iran, Turkey wants to continue importing oil and Gas from its neighbour. Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said in an Interview published on Friday that Turkey could not stop oil and gas imports from Iran.
We will continue to buy our natural gas from there, " Erdogan said in New York, where he had attended the UN General Assembly.
Erdogan admitted, however, that Turkey had problems importing Iranian oil, as some companies had "withdrawn because of the US threats".
Nevertheless, Turkey " will continue our relations with Iran, especially on this issue and many other issues," said the Turkish president, who had repeatedly criticized the US sanctions against Iran in the past.
Since its withdrawal from the international nuclear agreement with Iran, the United States has pursued a policy of "maximum pressure" against the Islamic Republic. According to the US, Iran is secretly pursuing a nuclear program and does not abide by the agreement.
Their sanctions have led to the collapse of Iranian oil exports and a severe economic crisis in Iran. In recent months, tensions in the Gulf region have increased considerably.
US government wants to restrict refugee intake
The US government wants to drastically restrict the admission of refugees. The US State Department said on Thursday that the annual ceiling of a resettlement program should be lowered from the current 30,000 to 18,000 refugees. This corresponds to a cut of 40 percent.
The State Department said that the United States would continue to be committed to supporting refugees. The most important task, however, is to protect and serve US citizens. Currently, the US immigration system is overloaded.
In the future, the US government wants to focus on the reception of two refugee groups: people who are being persecuted for their faith-and Iraqis who have helped the US military in the country and are thus in danger, according to the State Department statement. From Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador, on the other hand, a maximum of 1500 refugees are to be accepted.
In the programme launched in 1980, refugees from UN camps around the world are selected and resettled in the USA. The ceiling of 18,000 refugees for the 2020 budget year would be the lowest in the programme's history. The current ceiling of 30,000 is already a low. When the predecessor of US President Donald Trump, Barack Obama, left the White House, the number was almost 85,000.
Aid organisations reacted with horror to the announced lowering of the upper limit. "This is a very sad day for America," said the head of the International Rescue Committee, David Miliband. The US would thus further damage its leadership role in protecting the world's most vulnerable people.
Trump is trying to strictly limit immigration to the USA - both legally and illegally. According to its own data, the US government expects 350,000 asylum applications for the coming budget year. These figures are separate from the resettlement programme.
Donald Trump - " gets close to a snitch"
US President Donald Trump has accused whistleblowers of espionage in the Whistleblower affair. Whoever leaked the information to the informant accusing him of abuse of power "comes close to a snitch," Trump said, according to a recording of a private event in New York on Thursday. Several US media reports concur.
Accordingly, Trump spoke to employees of the American UN Mission. When asked about the person who informed the Whistleblower about controversial White House events, he replied, "that comes close to a snitch." Then Trump added, " Do you know what we did in the old days when we were smart? Right. The spies and betrayal, we used to deal with it a bit differently than we do now".
Observers interpreted the latter remark as a possible reference to the death penalty. The Democrats strongly criticized Trump's statements and accused him of intimidating witnesses. It was also an attempt to obstruct a congressional investigation into possible impeachment proceedings against him, wrote the chairmen of the committees on Foreign Affairs, intelligence and oversight in the House of Representatives.
The Whistleblower accuses the president in a now published complaint of having abused his office to ask for interference from another country in the US election of 2020. Specifically, it concerns, among other things, his controversial phone call with his Ukrainian counterpart Volodymyr Selenskyj in the summer: in the conversation, Trump suggested to him to initiate investigations against his possible Democratic challenger Joe Biden and his son Hunter in Ukraine. Trump denies any wrongdoing.
It is still unclear who both the Whistleblower himself and his informants are. However, as the New York Times reports, the Whistleblower is said to be an analyst of the Foreign Intelligence Service CIA.
Refugee boat capsized: Baby and toddlers drown in Aegean Sea
Time and again people try to get from Turkey to Greece via the Aegean Sea. The often much too small boats capsize regularly. Seven migrants have now died in the sinking of an inflatable boat - including five children.
Off the Greek island of Chios, seven migrants have died in the sinking of an inflatable boat. Among the fatalities were a Baby and four other children, the Greek Coast Guard reported. Four children, three women and five men were rescued from the floods by the crew of a passing ferry.
Among the victims is also said to be a smuggler, reported the local news portal of Chios, Alithia.gr the migrants had left Turkey in the morning. They had tried to reach the small group of islands Inousses in the northeast of the island of Chios. Inousses is located between Chios and the Turkish mainland.
It is not yet known which countries the migrants come from. Currently, hundreds of migrants from Turkey are crossing to the Greek islands in the east of the Aegean Sea, mostly in boats that are too small. Last year, 174 people were killed on this Route, according to the United Nations refugee agency (UNHCR).
The Who cancel concert 
A US concert by the rock band The Who has come to an abrupt end due to an unpleasantness of lead singer Roger Daltrey. In the middle of the performance on Wednesday evening (local time) in Houston his voice failed the service. On the eighth song, Daltrey told the audience,"I think I should leave it while it's still going on."
Lead guitarist Pete Townsend apologized and added that Daltrey "really can't talk right now". Townsend promised the audience to get their money's worth at a restitution concert. An appointment is not yet fixed.
The Who cancelled shows scheduled for Friday in Dallas and Sunday in Denver. They are to be made up at a later date. The 75-year-old Daltrey and his 74-year-old bandmate Townsend are the only remaining founding members. The British cult band formed 55 years ago.
Rental suddenly stopped: WeWork makes real estate markets tremble
WeWork has become the largest office tenant in New York.
Within a few years, WeWork has risen from a small Startup to a driving force on the world's most expensive real estate markets. But now the company is in crisis. Landlords have to fear for billions of dollars in income.
The crisis of office rental company WeWork threatens to disrupt the Balance in the world's largest real estate markets. A few days ago, the company dismissed founder Adam Neumann as CEO, postponed the planned IPO and began selling subsidiaries and assets such as the private jet to executives in order to gain financial leeway for the coming weeks and months. In addition, the British "Financial Times" reports, among others, that WeWork has stopped the completion of new rentals with immediate effect. This means that the largest tenant of office space in New York and London, among other places, is suddenly off the market.
WeWork rents large office space on a long-term basis and rents it to members in small units at short notice. This can be individual freelancers, small Startups, or entire departments of large corporations. So far, WeWork is burning money with this business at breathtaking speed. Last year, the company recorded a loss of $ 1.6 billion, on revenues of $ 1.8 billion. This year alone, rental costs are estimated to have risen to 2.5 billion dollars by renting ever more large areas. In order to limit the loss, the new management is now said to have pulled the emergency brake and stopped renting new space with immediate effect.
According to the Financial Times, WeWork has now signed leases with terms of up to 15 years, resulting in commitments of more than $ 40 billion. These huge liabilities could become a Problem not only for the company itself and its investors, but for entire real estate markets.
According to calculations by economist Dan Alpert of Cornell Law School in New York, WeWork has rented nearly 300,000 square meters of office space in Manhattan, one of the world's most expensive real estate markets, in the past 24 months. WeWorks ' new contracts alone ensured that the demand for offices in New York was greater than the areas that were newly launched on the market at that time. Without WeWorks Expansion, office vacancy in the US metropolis would have increased during this time, as Alpert wrote in "Business Insider". The situation is similar in London, where WeWork now operates several dozen office locations in a prime location.
Even in the British capital, the balance on the property market could shift noticeably without further Expansion by the aggressive startup. Among other things, WeWork is the main tenant in an office building in the centre of the financial metropolis that was bought last year by the savings bank fund provider Deka for almost 100 million euros.
Many landlords have converted their properties for the requirements of WeWork with high investments. If WeWork fails to make its business model profitable soon, the property owners would probably have to write off part of the hoped-for billions of dollars in income. Despite the long - term leases, they do not have access to WeWork's - already scarce-reserves. This is because the individual locations of WeWork are usually rented by specially founded subsidiaries, so-called Special Purpose Vehicles, for which the parent company is only liable within narrow limits.
Russia once again arrested numerous North Korean fishermen
The Russian coast guard has again taken action against North Korean fishermen. In recent days, a total of 262 poachers who had fished illegally in the waters have been arrested, the Russian domestic intelligence service FSB told the Interfax agency on Friday.
Only ten days ago, 161 fishermen from North Korea were arrested. Previously, the border guards had been shot at and three of them were injured. This time there were no casualties, they said. Communist North Korea suffers from chronic food shortages.
The North Korean fishermen were, therefore, in Russian territorial waters. The coast guard of Russia is conducting patrols there to protect its Marine Biological Resources. During the new inspections, 30,000 octopuses were discovered. In addition, according to the information, three fishing boats and two motor boats were seized and taken to Nakhodka and Posjet near Vladivostok. According to Ria Novosti agency, the coast guard detected a total of more than 8,000 violations in 2018
The Russian fishing authority had not issued fishing licenses to the North Koreans this year, even after complaints from local entrepreneurs. According to the media, thousands of fishermen from North Korea have been temporarily detained there in 2019.
The head of the Association of Russian fishing companies in the Far Eastern region of Primorye, Georgi Martynov, recently also complained of high ecological damage caused by North Korean fishermen. They fished with close-meshed synthetic nets banned in Russia. With these, even small creatures would be brought out of the sea. In addition, the Nets would simply be disposed of in the sea, where it would take 200 years to decompose. Even the ships themselves do not comply with hygienic and technical regulations.
According to Moscow, three members of the Russian Coast Guard were injured in the previous week's arrests. According to the FSB, a North Korean who was also wounded later died of his injuries. On that 17 September, Russian border guards first detained a North Korean boat and then a second one after it opened fire.
USA imposes entry ban on Ex-president Castro
The US has imposed entry bans on former Cuban President Raúl Castro and his children. The US State Department justified this in a statement on Thursday with Castro's involvement in " gross human rights violations." As head of the Communist Party of the Caribbean state, he presided over a system in which thousands of Cubans were arbitrarily arrested and there were more than 100 political prisoners.
As chairman of the Armed Forces, Fidel Castro, the brother of the late revolutionary leader, was also complicit in human rights violations there by supporting the president of Venezuela, Nicolás Maduro. "The Cuban regime's disregard for Human Rights and use of force to support the former Maduro Regime are responsible for the ongoing crises in Cuba and Venezuela," tweeted Secretary of State Mike Pompeo.
President Donald Trump on Wednesday issued bans on entry, among others, against members of the Venezuelan government and the military. In Venezuela, a bitter power struggle between the government and the Opposition has been raging for months. The United States has imposed a series of sanctions on Maduro's government to bring him to his knees and help the opposition leader and self-proclaimed interim President Juan Guaidó to power.
Cuba is considered one of Maduro's closest allies. The socialist Caribbean island receives oil from Venezuela in exchange for the services of deployed doctors. According to the United States and the Venezuelan Opposition, Cuba has also sent numerous secret service agents to Venezuela to help the government suppress opponents of the government.
New climate protests from Fridays for Future
One week after the largest international climate protests to date, thousands and thousands of people want to take to the streets again today for more climate protection.
At the end of an international climate strike week, the Fridays For Future Movement is once again planning actions and rallies in dozens of countries worldwide. Due to the time difference, New Zealand and Australia are likely to start before the protests spread across Europe to North America. There, climate activist Greta Thunberg wanted to participate in a large-scale rally in Montreal, Canada. Demonstrators also planned to gather in front of the White House in Washington.
It is relatively unclear how much global support this Friday will be after last week's record turnout. Thunberg himself was in good spirits. "Last Friday, over four million people went on strike for the climate. This Friday we do it again!"she wrote on Twitter. So far there have been 6,383 actions in 170 countries as part of the week of strikes, she added.
Especially in Germany, the influx last Friday was very large. According to estimates by Fridays for Future, a good third of all global demonstrators - around 1.4 million - took part in the protests in 575 German cities. This time, according to a list of the Movement, rallies are planned in at least 65 cities. In cities such as Berlin, Hamburg, Munich and Cologne, but also in smaller communities and cities such as Jüchen in North Rhine-Westphalia or Westerland on Sylt, people want to take to the streets for the climate.
In August 2018, at the age of 15, Thunberg sat down in front of the Swedish parliament to call on her country's politicians to step up their efforts to protect the climate. Within a short time, the Fridays-For-Future Movement emerged from this. The climate protests are mainly attended by pupils and students, but increasingly also by scientists and other adults.
Together they demand more ambition from politicians in the fight against global warming and the impending climate catastrophe. Above all, according to the Paris Climate Agreement, global warming must be reduced to below 1.5 degrees compared to pre-industrial times.
Thunberg arrived in New York almost a month ago after a two-week transatlantic cruise on a high-seas racing yacht. There she had recently participated in climate protests and United Nations summits. On Monday, she gave an emotional speech at the UN, in which she spoke forcefully to the world's heads of state and government. In her home city of Stockholm, she was awarded the Right Livelihood Foundation's Alternative Nobel Prize on Wednesday for her commitment to more climate protection.
Russia bans smoking on the balcony
People in Russia will no longer be allowed to smoke on the balcony. This provides for a Change in fire protection. "This also applies to smoking," said a spokesman for the emergency ministry in Moscow on Thursday, according to the Tass agency. The ban is due to come into force on 1 October.
Anyone who smokes nevertheless must therefore expect a fine of 3,000 rubles (42.46 euros). If the cigarette ignites a fire, then the penalty is higher. According to the ministry, burning candles are also covered by the ban. It is no longer allowed to grill meat skewers on the balcony.
Strike against cybercriminals-investigators lift out servers
In the fight against crimes on the Internet, German investigators have for the first time excavated a large server provider for illegal transactions on the Darknet.
A total of 13 perpetrators are suspected of having hosted numerous websites as the operator of a data center in a former NATO Bunker in Traben-Trarbach on the Moselle, through which internationally operating criminals operated their machinations.
This was announced by the Attorney General's office in Koblenz. Seven suspects were arrested on Thursday evening in a large-scale action. The Darknet is a shielded part of the Internet.
Among other things, the suspects ' customers are said to have been the operators of the world's second largest Darknet market for drugs, the "Wall Street Market"-which investigators had smashed in the spring. According to the Attorney General's office, the attack on 1.25 million telecom routers at the end of November 2016 was also controlled via a Server in the cyber bunker.
Such a Hoster had been excavated for the first time in Germany, it said. A web hoster provides the infrastructure for an internet presence.
During the Access Campaign with the support of special forces such as the GSG9, there were searches in Germany and in neighbouring countries. It was the result of almost five years of investigations. At noon, the investigators want to inform about further Details.
New global climate protests from Fridays for Future
One week after the largest international climate protests to date, thousands and thousands of people want to take to the streets again today for more climate protection.
At the end of an international climate strike week, the Fridays For Future Movement once again planned actions and rallies in dozens of countries worldwide.
In Germany, protests are planned in at least 65 cities, including metropolises such as Berlin, Hamburg, Munich and Cologne, but also in smaller municipalities and cities such as Jüchen in North Rhine-Westphalia or Westerland on Sylt. Climate activist Greta Thunberg wants to take part in a large-scale rally in Montreal, Canada.
Climate protests ǀ who are Thunberg's backers?
Sense of justice and courage are high virtues, even in the 21st century, in a world full of war and smoke factories warming the climate.  All the more surprising that a 16-year-old girl of all people holds the mirror in front of the power people of this time. But what is behind it? Is it helpful or clever marketing of a climate activist? Historical feat or manipulative tactics for its own sake?
On the one hand, Greta Thunberg sets the masses in motion and gets young people to rise up for a better climate-friendly world. Historically, it is not the first time in Europe that a young person has managed to attract a large number of children and young people. Already in 1212, a child named Nikolaus from Cologne felt chosen to work for a fairer world. At that time, he was able to attract a crowd of young people and persuade them to cross the sea to get to the Promised Land, similar to Greta Thunberg's recent trip to America with a sailboat.
But is there a dark side to this? Why does it take a stock called "We don't have time" to save the world? In addition, Greta Thunberg has rich PR managers at her side. By the way, her mother has published a book that has sold widely, thanks to the daughter in the spotlight. Even well-tried followers of Greta Thunberg were a little indignant about the last PR Show, or the trip by boat was probably too thick for some successors. This is also not unfounded, because the action was very well received in the media worldwide and a lot of money flows thanks to the impressive action.
Here the spirits are now separating: is it morally right to enrich oneself financially while saving the world? Is it still authentic when certain groups of people work together with stockbrokers during the world Rescue campaign? No matter which position is ultimately taken, a critical and reflected point of view is increasingly important in a democratic society, because democracy thrives on different opinions and discussions. Therefore, it can make sense to critically question even seemingly pious plans of certain trendsetters.
Comet discovered: interstellar guest crosses our solar system
A strange comet is currently crossing our solar system.
The astronomers ' assumptions have been confirmed: an alien comet is currently crossing our solar system - it is only the second of its kind.
Garching / Washington-for a long time the researchers only suspected it, but now they have certainty: a comet from another star is currently crossing our solar system. He was named after his discoverer 2i/Borisov and currently employs astronomers worldwide.
2i / Borisov: comet discovered by amateur astronomers in Crimea
The said body was discovered by an amateur astronomer named Gennady Borisov in Crimea. He looked up at the sky with a homemade telescope and further observations confirmed his first suspicion. It is actually an unknown comet that does not originate from our solar system. It is only the second of its kind, which was sighted during the flight.
The great opportunity for astronomers is now to get close-up insights into an alien solar system. Apparently, the comet resembles those of our own system, as reported by The Astrophysical Institute of the Canary Islands. According to the International Astronomical Union (IAC), the comet is clearly of interstellar origin and is currently moving on a so-called hyperbolic orbit that takes it out of our System.
Comet has already been sighted before approach - and can be observed for several months
But before that happens, astronomers can observe it in detail. In contrast to its predecessor, 2i/Borisov has already been sighted in its approach, which means that it can be examined from Earth for many months. "The object will reach its greatest brightness in mid-December and will be visible with medium-sized telescopes until April 2020," explains Davide Farnocchia of the US space agency Nasa. "After that, until October 2020, it will only be possible to observe with larger, professional telescopes."
The predecessor of the new visitor's: 1I/2017 U1 "Oumuamua".
First findings on Comet 2i / Borisov raise hopes in science
According to the first findings, the comet is estimated to be between 2 and 16 kilometres in diameter. At the same time, the celestial body seems to be similar to our comets - because, as IAC researcher Julia de León puts it, the spectrum of the tail star is similar to ours. This observation suggests that comets in other solar systems could be formed by processes similar to ours, added De León's colleague Javier Licandro.
But the observation goes beyond individual findings. The fact that two such objects have already been discovered within just two years may allow a new way to investigate certain processes in other solar systems.
Asteroids keep the researchers busy. Only recently a giant Asteroid raced past the Earth and came dangerously close to it.
"Absolutely reprehensible": Rachel Johnson horrified by Brother
Boris Johnson is getting lonelier. First his younger brother leaves the Cabinet, now his sister castigates the warlike language of the prime minister with clear words as "tasteless". It is not the brother she knows.
"Surrender"," fraud", treaty": Prime Minister Boris Johnson is under pressure and continues to upgrade - at least verbally. During Question Time in the House of Commons this Wednesday, this was met with massive outrage from the Opposition, and in the meantime other critics have spoken out: dozens of bishops and his own sister Rachel Johnson.
The well-known journalist and author told Sky News that her brother uses words like surrender, as if opponents of leaving the EU should be "hanged, dragged, quartered, tarred and feathered." She considers this extremely reprehensible. She does not recognize her brother's Version, said Rachel Johnson, who stood for the anti-Brexit party "Change UK" in the European Parliament elections.
She was particularly struck by the fact that her brother mentioned Jo Cox, an EU-friendly member of the Lower House of Parliament who had been murdered by a neo-Nazi just days before the 2016 exit Referendum. Boris Johnson had said in the House of Commons that the best way to honour their memory was to pull through Brexit. "It is very distasteful to refer to an MP who was murdered by someone who shouted 'Britain first', " criticised Johnson's sister. The perpetrator had obviously come from the far-right camp, which felt "strengthened by this kind of language". For all those who grieved for her, it was very distasteful.
The widower of Cox also sharply criticized the Prime Minister. "It makes me sick when Jo's Name is used like that," he tweeted. The best way to honor them is if you stand up passionately and resolutely for what you believe in - no matter what your view. But one should never"demonize the other side". He also complained that an atmosphere had emerged in which attacks had become more likely.
Just a few weeks ago, Boris Johnson's younger brother Jo had resigned his post as secretary of state and his mandate as Tory MP. "I've been torn between loyalty to the family and the national interest over the past few months - it's an indissoluble tension," Jo Johnson explained.
Johnson's language also met with sharp criticism in the church. As the Times reports, all 118 bishops and archbishops of the Church of England criticise the language that is" not worthy of this country". In a joint Statement, they said: "in recent days, the language, both in debates and outside Parliament, has not been acceptable. We should speak with respect."
Shakira and Jennifer Lopez perform at the Super Bowl
The NFL is sending a strong signal in the year of its 100th anniversary: in the halftime show of the upcoming Super Bowl, two women with Latino roots perform. They promise "an Explosion of fun and energy".
Latina Power at the Super Bowl: superstars Shakira (42) and Jennifer Lopez (50) will deliver the halftime show at the upcoming final of the US Football League NFL. The organizers announced this on Thursday (local time).
"I feel incredibly honored and humbled to represent the Latino Community alongside JLo. Because it has incredible strength in the USA," Shakira shared in a Video.
The final of the American Football League, which will celebrate its 100th anniversary next year. The event, which celebrates its 100th birthday, will take place on February 2 in Miami.  Many people with Latin American roots live in the metropolis at the southern tip of Florida. Shakira ("Waka Waka") comes from Colombia, Lopez ("On the Floor") is of puerto Rican origin.
"I love that the Super Bowl this time features two women - and two Latinas," Lopez said. This sends an important message to all Americans and the world. She promises for the Show"an Explosion of fun and energy".
The 50-year-old was born in New York after her parents emigrated from Puerto Rico. In the 2000s she landed big Hits with Songs like "Waiting for Tonight" or "Let's Get Loud" and later released songs in Spanish. Lopez also works as an actress and can be seen in German cinemas from November in the Drama "Hustlers".
Shakira became known in Colombia as the Star of a Telenovela and singer. Her worldwide breakthrough came in 2001 with her first bilingual Album and the Single "Whenever, Wherever".
The announcement of the half-time guests is eagerly awaited in the USA every time. This year, many see the selection as a political gesture. After all, the country is deeply divided, not least by President Donald Trump's immigration policy.
The Super Bowl is the largest US sporting event and at the same time a gigantic advertising spectacle. Musicians such as Justin Timberlake, Beyoncé, Lady Gaga, Katy Perry, Madonna, Bruno Mars and the Rolling Stones caused a sensation there. As a rule, well over 100 million television viewers watch the NFL finals, it is also extremely popular in Germany.
Last year there was political controversy in advance. The reason for this was the quarterback Colin Kaepernick, who had refused to stand up while playing the national anthem in Protest against police violence against blacks and had been harshly attacked by US President Donald Trump, among others. In solidarity with Kaepernick, some musicians had turned down a Super Bowl appearance-including Rihanna and Pink. The fact that the rock group Maroon 5 performed was ultimately criticized by many.
An actor and Youtuber takes on Egypt's ruler: for the time being, however, Mohamed Ali prefers to stay abroad.
The two men who influence whether blood flows on the streets of Egypt have both spent the past week abroad. One of the two floated back into Cairo airport on Friday. President Abdelfattah al-Sisi returned from the UN General Assembly. The ex-General, who in 2013 deposed Muslim brother Mohammed Morsi, the country's first freely elected head of State, had spent a pleasant time in New York: US President Donald Trump had praised Sisi's actions against political Islam and not lost a syllable about the human rights violations on the Nile - in a week in which Egypt's security forces arrested hundreds of people for daring to protest against the president. He had "no reason to worry," Sisi said at the airport into the microphones of state television. "The Egyptians will not be led astray".
To mislead-this, according to the president, is what the other man, who currently determines what happens on the streets, is trying to do. Mohamed Ali, of course, remained abroad, where he eludes the security forces, who would immediately arrest him if he tried to enter Egyptian soil. Weeks ago, the 45-year-old was known as an actor by only a minority of Egyptians. Today, he is the leading voice that dominates the political discourse in the country's Cafés, living rooms and tea rooms: with his Youtube channel "Mohamed's secrets", Ali calls on his fellow countrymen to rise up against Sisi.
He addresses the head of state directly and in quite rustic language. While the people are starving, the president indulges in luxury and lets himself build magnificent new palaces, it says. Ali accuses the army leadership on which Sisi bases his rule of corruption and enrichment. Because he did business with exactly these gentlemen for 15 years in his second job as a building contractor, he seems to know pretty well what he is talking about - at least that is the impression of many Egyptians, as the almost exploding click figures show.
After thousands demonstrated against his rule last week for the first time since Sisi seized power and nearly 2000 citizens, among them prominent figures of civil society, human rights lawyers and opposition politicians, were arrested, Ali called for a "Million March" this Friday. It was unlikely that so many people would venture onto the streets. But there were isolated smaller protests, for example in Giseh near Cairo and in the village of Kina near Luxor. Videos on social media showed protests whose participants accused al-Sisi of corruption and demanded his departure. During these protests, the police also used tear gas and rubber bullets. These Videos could not be independently verified at first. Security sources said that the police had ended the protests.
A massive police presence was reported on Friday from the city of Mansura in the Nile Delta, where demonstrators tore banners with the portrait of the president to pieces last week. Security forces established Checkpoints in the city and on the highways. In Cairo, several metro stations in the city centre were closed for "maintenance work" and most of the streets around Tahrir Square, the heart of the 2011 Revolution, were blocked. And in Rabaa Square, where supporters of the ousted Muslim brother Morsi holed up in 2013 until the army took them under fire and killed up to 800 people, another measure was intended to prevent discontented people from gathering: Sisi's future party wanted to hold a major rally for the president here, of all places.
Mohamed Ali made these arrangements to change his tactics:" our goal does not have to be Tahrir Square, " Ali said in his video camera in Barcelona. "Let's not clash with police officers." But this is not to be understood as a retreat: "all Egypt is Tahrir Square".
If the Provider promises too much performance
If the internet connection always seems much slower than advertised by the Provider, there are various check options.
Whoever concludes an internet contract does not need to blindly trust the speed data of the providers. Customers can check for abnormalities themselves, how much of it is actually achieved.
After all, the previously promised transmission rates are a part of the contract and should therefore also be achieved, explains the Consumer Center Bavaria.
If the connection always seems much slower than advertised by the Provider, there are various check options. The measurement tools of the Federal Network Agency (BNetzA) measure the actual data transfer rates and compare them with the Rate agreed in the contract.
"However, the Tests of the providers are carried out according to provider-specific specifications and are therefore not uniformly and objectively calculated", the Consumer Center Bavaria on its side to consider.
If the connection is significantly slower than announced, customers can set the provider a reasonable period of time, usually 14 days, to produce the promised performance. This is best done in writing by letter of introduction.
If this does not work even after multiple requests, customers can terminate and possibly also claim damages. But in the absence of success, only the way to sue helps.
First ranking Republican for investigation
As the first senior Republican, the governor of Vermont has advocated an Impeachment investigation against US President Donald Trump. "I think the investigation is important, yes, and where that leads from here is determined by the facts that are established," Phil Scott said at a press conference Thursday. He wanted to know more about the Whistleblower affair before action-an Impeachment process can lead to the removal of the president - is taken.
Scott said he was not surprised by revelations that Trump repeatedly called Ukrainian President Volodymyr Selenskyi in a phone call to investigate interventions by Democratic presidential nominee and former Vice President Joe Biden in Ukraine. Because Trump has been watching Biden " for years."
Republicans have so far withheld criticism of Trump because of the Whistleblower affair; few have shown discomfort because of it. Scott's comments are a first sign of this in Trump's party. Scott, a moderate Republican, has opposed Trump's policies several times, such as loosening environmental regulations and tightening immigration rules.
Spider - Man stays at the MCU: another Marvel movie planned
It was a shock for all Spider-Man Fans: at the end of August, it was announced that Sony and Marvel will go their separate ways in the future. Tom Holland's Spider-Man would therefore no longer be part of the "Avengers"universe. It was completely unclear how the films about Tom Holland would go on.
Now the surprise: after "Spider-Man: Homecoming" and "Spider-Man: Far From Home", Spider-Man receives another final third Film within the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). Several US media reports concur. According to this, the theatrical release should already be determined: in the USA, the Film is to start from 16 July 2021. 
In the magazine "Screenrant" Marvel Boos Kevin Feige is quoted: "I am pleased that Spidey's path will be continued at the MCU. Me and everyone at Marvel Studios is delighted that we can continue to work on this ... He is the only superhero with the ability to play in different universes as Sony continues to work on his Spidey Verse. You never know what the future will bring."
But how does the sudden good news come about? Allegedly, Sony Marvel has made an offer. According to industry magazines, Disney, which also includes Marvel, would contribute 30 percent of the revenues of upcoming Spider-Man films. However, the message is not confirmed.
Duchess Meghan and Prince Harry appear in the"Suits" Finale
After nine seasons, the series "Suits" has now reached the grand Finale in the USA. In the last episode there were many Happy endings and just as many Cameo appearances. And also the royal couple Prince Harry (35) and his Meghan (38), who participated in the series for many years, were paid tribute in a charming way. Attention, the following sections contain spoilers for the series finale.
One thing first: Duchess Meghan did not return as Rachel Zane for one last farewell salute in the Finale, at least not for new scenes. Instead, some flashbacks once again showed the most memorable scenes with the present Duchess. Such as the moments of the failed and the successful wedding with Mike or how she greets him after his suspended prison sentence.
But her real husband, Prince Harry, was also casually mentioned in the"Suits" Finale, of course in a wedding scene. As Louis Litt (Rick Hoffman, 49) walks towards the Altar to marry his fiancée Sheila (Rachael Harris, 51), Harvey Specter (Gabriel Macht, 47) makes a telling remark about his suit. The stunned Harvey wants to know from the groom whether he actually threw on a frock coat, only to then remark snappily: "Louis, you are not the Prince of England".
Aegean: Baby and four other children drown in boat accident
A baby and four other children drowned when a refugee boat capsized in the Aegean Sea. A total of seven people died in the accident, as the Greek Coast Guard announced on Friday. The nationalities are still unclear.
The boat sank near the Greek island of Inousses, which lies between the island of Chios and the Turkish mainland. Four children, three women and five men were rescued.
Currently, hundreds of migrants from Turkey are crossing to the Greek islands in the east Aegean. Last year, 174 people were killed on this Route, according to the United Nations refugee agency (UNHCR). Federal Interior Minister Horst Seehofer has now announced his intention to visit both countries.
Together with his French colleague and the responsible EU commissioner, he wants to find out in Turkey "what the situation is with regard to the refugee situation," Seehofer said on Friday. Afterwards, he wanted to learn more about the "administrative problems of the Greeks" in Athens in order to be able to help them cope.
A spokeswoman for the European Commission confirmed on Friday the planned trip of Seehofer with the EU interior Commissioner Dimitris Avramopoulos and France's interior minister Christophe Castaner.
Unusually large numbers of migrants from Turkey continue to arrive in Greece. On Tuesday alone, 654 people crossed over to the Greek islands, the Greek Civil Protection Ministry said on Wednesday.
Does the Turkey Deal still work?
The increased numbers recently raised doubts about the functioning of the EU-Turkey agreement concluded in 2016. This means that the EU can send back all refugees and migrants who come illegally to the Greek islands via Turkey. In return, the EU wanted to take in a Syrian refugee from Turkey for every Syrian deported.
However, due to a lack of personnel, the processing of asylum applications on the Greek side progresses only laboriously. On Lesbos, Chios, Samos, Leros and Kos, according to the Civil Protection Ministry, almost 29,400 people are waiting. The situation on Lesbos is the worst: a camp with capacity for 650 people currently accommodates 5200 migrants.
Never since the EU-Turkey refugee pact entered into force in March 2016 have there been so many, reported Staatsrundfunk.
Climate change: heat leads to more heart attacks
According to medical experts, climate change will put the health system to the test in the future. Climate change is "certainly" one of the biggest challenges facing the health system in the next 20 to 50 years, said Andreas Zeiher, president of the German Society of Cardiology. Especially the cardiovascular System caused high temperatures and large temperature jumps within a short time and led increasingly to heart attacks. People with cardiovascular diseases, the elderly and diabetics are particularly affected.
Green politician has to answer for embarrassing photo op
The leader of the Canadian Greens, Elizabeth May, during the election campaign-was the cup manipulated for this reason?
The Canadian Green leader holds a reusable cup in her hand in a photo. But now it came out: the cup was manipulated.
Ottawa / Canada - it went unnoticed for quite a long time-and finally noticed. Elizabeth May, the leader of the Canadian Greens, never held the reusable coffee cup with a metal straw in her hand. On the party's Website she was seen in a photo with this mug, talking to citizens. However, the photo had already been published and also distributed to the media - and there the cup was still a dirty (cardboard) cup, as reported by the Canadian National Post.
Green party leader needs to answer because of the photo mishap 
The National Post then accused May of Manipulation and that the party was producing Fake News in order to appear more credible on the subject of "Environmental Protection". And this is in the middle of an election campaign for the Lower House of Parliament, in which Trudeau is also finding it increasingly difficult because of a bribery scandal.
The photo went viral on social media and fueled the discussion about Fake News. One user shares a comparison of the photos and writes:"the Greens manipulate a photo of their chairmen to hide their disposable cup".
May was shocked and claimed on her Blog that she did not know about this action. To underline this, she immediately posted the Original: she, in conversation with citizens, a cup in her hand. However, she pointed out, it was made of bamboo. She always had it with her. A spokeswoman for the party said that it was just a matter of putting the party logo in the picture and not covering something up. Only a part of the photo can be seen on the Website.
May writes that she is sorry for the employee who did this. "I don't want to call him stupid, but there was nothing to hide," she tells The Guardian, while also asking for something from her over-ambitious Team: "if you feel like editing a picture again, couldn't you do something with my face so that I look younger?"
Also the German Greens got into Shitstorms because of their use of disposable plastic or because of air travel-but their pictures were not photoshopped. On holiday, the head of the Bavarian Greens, Katharina Schulze, ate ice cream with a plastic spoon, like merkur.de * reported.
Influencer wants free Upgrade: lifetime ban at Cathay
Allegedly Jaqueline Ng was assured an Upgrade by Cathay Pacific via e-mail. But when she asked for it at Check-in, she was not allowed on board - and she should never be allowed to fly with Cathay again.
Spontaneously getting an Upgrade for Business Class-that's what many passengers dream of. Sometimes you are lucky, and the staff at the Check-in offer a change from Economy Class for free.
However, this case shows how not to do it: a self-declared influencer has actively asked the airline Cathay Pacific for a free Upgrade. More than 65,000 users follow Jaqueline Ng on Instagram. She flew from Taiwan to New York on May 30 and back on June 7. 
On the outbound flight, staff refused to Upgrade Jaqueline, despite showing a Mail in which Cathay Pacific allegedly offered her an Upgrade. The influencer wants to have received the letter from a Marketing employee of the Airline. The Airline, on the other hand, accuses Jaqueline of falsifying the Mail.
On the return flight, Jaqueline tried again to get an Upgrade for the long-haul flight. This time the woman is supposed to have shown the same Mail, but with a different reference number. The employees at JFK Airport were sceptical: they checked with the headquarters. And in fact, the employee from whom the Mail allegedly originated denied the mail contact with Jaqueline. This was also confirmed by the mail system, in which the messages did not appear.
Airline employees at the airport canceled Jaqueline's Ticket and imposed a lifetime ban on Cathay Pacific flights. For 1,400 US dollars (about 1,280 euros) she had to buy a new flight ticket to Taiwan.
With her case, the influencer turned to Elliot Advocacy, a company that represents consumer interests. Cathay had reimbursed her the price for her original Ticket, but Jaqueline also claimed back the cost of the new Ticket.
But as long as Jaqueline does not submit the metadata of the Mail, the case remains clear: for Cathay, the influencer has committed fraud, she remains blocked for future flights. The airline's terms and conditions also state that it does not have to pay for the new flight. Jaqueline does not want to be satisfied with this - and now enlists a lawyer.
Oil prices fall after ceasefire report in Yemen
Oil prices fell by more than a Dollar in a very short time on Friday afternoon. Most recently, a barrel (159 litres) of the North Sea variety Brent cost 61.83 US dollars-about 1.4 percent less than the previous day. The price of a Barrel of the American variety West Texas Intermediate (WTI) fell 1.3 percent to 55.77 dollars.
The trigger for the slide was a Wall Street Journal report on a ceasefire in Yemen. Saudi Arabia is said to have agreed to a ceasefire in four areas.
In mid-September, a drone attack on the oil facilities in Saudi Arabia brought five percent of global oil production to a standstill. The Houthi rebels allied with Iran in the Civil War country Yemen claimed responsibility for the attacks. Like the US government, Saudi Arabia holds Iran responsible. A ceasefire would defuse political tension in the Region.
Should an agreement actually be reached, the focus could be on growth and demand concerns, Ole Hansen, head of commodity strategy at Saxo Bank, told Bloomberg.
Oil prices thus continue their downward movement of the past few days. A week ago, a Barrel of WTI oil cost nearly $ 59, Brent nearly $ 65.
Most recently, Bloomberg reported, citing Insider, that repair work on oil facilities in Saudi Arabia is progressing faster than expected after the attack in mid-September. According to the report, the production volume has again reached a volume of eight million barrels per day and is moving back towards the original volume.
Recently, there have been several press releases citing insiders who report on the rapid progress of the state oil company Saudi Aramco in the repair work. However, commodity experts pointed out that Saudi Aramco is currently planning an IPO and wants to avoid negative headlines.
At the same time, some easing in the conflict between Iran and Western countries was hinted at: the British oil tanker "Stena Impero" is on its way to leave the port more than two months after it was seized by Iran and recently released. The crew is now preparing to depart while the ship continues to anchor, ship owner Erik Hånell told Swedish radio in a text message on Friday morning.
However, the US announced that it would transfer defensive missiles and soldiers to the Iranian arch-enemy in Saudi Arabia. The fear of an escalation between the Islamic Republic and countries such as the USA and Great Britain had at times driven up oil prices significantly in recent weeks.
Accusations against Trump intensify
In the affair about possible abuse of power by US President Donald Trump, cover-up allegations against the White House have become loud. Several senior administration officials had made an intensive effort to prevent access to the text of the conversation after a contentious phone call between Trump and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Selenskyi at the end of July. This was explained by an anonymous whistleblower. The speaker of the House of Representatives, Democrat Nancy Pelosi, explicitly accused the White House of" cover-up." Trump spoke of a "witch-hunt".
North Korea considers third summit of Trump and Kim questionable
North Korea has expressed doubts that the nuclear dispute will soon lead to a third summit between leader Kim Jong-un and US President Donald Trump. The purpose and prospects for success of such a meeting are questionable because of the lack of progress in implementing agreements of the first summit in Singapore, said top diplomat Kim Kye-gwan on Friday, according to the agency KCNA.
The US has so far done nothing to implement the decisions of last year's summit, said the adviser to the North Korean Foreign Ministry. He also criticized intensified US sanctions and the joint military maneuvers of the US and South Korea. However, he said he hoped for a "wise" and "courageous" decision by Trump so that a rapprochement could take place again.
Trump had said on Monday that he wanted to know what a third summit meeting with Kim would bring before he was ready to do so. Negotiations on disarmament of the North Korean nuclear and missile program have stalled since the failed second Trump - Kim summit in Hanoi in February. In June, the two met in the Demilitarized Zone between the two Korean states. They agreed to revive the consultations, but so far without much success.
Prince Harry: weapons manufacturers to help clear mines
Wearing a blue shatterproof vest, the British Prince Harry symbolically detonated and destroyed an explosive mine in Angola. He produced the ignition circuit near a camp of the British Halo Trust near Dirico. The explosive device exploded at a safe distance. With a view to the goal of getting Angola mine-free by 2025, he later demanded in front of ongoing TV cameras: "I call on all the countries whose names are on these weapons, but who have not helped in clearing away, to commit to help."
Pound under pressure - interest rate cut expected
British pound under pressure
In the face of an imminent interest rate cut, the pound is losing value against the Euro.
Frankfurt speculation on an early interest rate cut by the Bank of England (BoE) is adding to Sterling. The British currency fell by up to 0.4 percent to $ 1.2269 on Friday.
The sales were triggered by statements by central banker Michael Saunders. This triggered an interest rate cut, even if a chaotic Brexit could be averted, as uncertainty would affect the British economy for the foreseeable future. This statement is surprising because Saunders is seen as an advocate of a restrictive monetary policy, said analyst Ricardo Evangelista of ActivTrades.
Last week, the Bank of England had already pointed out the burdens on the economy caused by the Brexit Hickshack, without directly signalling a cut in interest rates. Prime minister Boris Johnson wants to lead his country out of the EU by 31 October if necessary without a divorce agreement. 
More: the British Prime Minister took a high risk with his provocations. But it could pay off for him, says Handelsblatt editor Kerstin Leitel.
Doping: further Russian manipulations proven
Material from the Moscow Analysis Laboratory is being manipulated-this is confirmed by David Howman, former director of the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) and current head of integrity of the World Athletics Federation.
At the start of the world championships in athletics, new Details about the Doping scandal in Russia come to light-and they destroy the little credibility that Russian Sport had regained at the beginning of the year, even in the beginning. In January 2019, the Moscow Doping laboratory finally delivered the requested samples from 2012 to 2015 to the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada). Now it turned out: they were forged.
In December 2014, systematic cheating was revealed in Russian sports. Wada then banned the Russian Anti-Doping Agency (Rusada) for three years. During this time, Russian athletes were not completely banned from the world stage. After individual testing, the International Olympic Committee allowed around 270 athletes from the country to compete under a neutral flag at the 2016 Summer Games in Rio, while 168 Russian athletes competed at the Winter Games in February 2018. They were also allowed to take part in the World Cups in the various sports, in the summer even the football World Cup took place in Russia with the host as a participant.
Positive findings missing
The following September, WADA lifted the Rusada ban again, but requested access to the laboratory and the said samples. The data should provide information about the extent of the cover-up of Doping cases in state doping. They should help to punish athletes retroactively. They were finally delivered three months later.
However, the chairman of the independent integrity commission (AIU) of the World Athletics Federation (IAAF) has now confirmed that the Doping data from the Moscow Analysis laboratory was manipulated. "Yes. We received the data nine months ago. We should check whether the Task Force has received the right data," said David Howman in an Interview with the "Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung" on Friday. "We have found numerous discrepancies between the data Wada received from a Whistleblower and those it received from the Russians in January." Many positive findings were missing, which had been mentioned in the McLaren Report.
The World Cup not affected
This confirms the attitude of the IAAF: the Athletics Association is the only Organisation that remains under the spell of Russia. 30 Russian athletes will take part in the world championships in Doha under a neutral flag. They had to prove that they train outside the Russian system and undergo Tests.
At the beginning of this week, WADA had already put manipulations in the room and asked Russia to respond to the allegations within three weeks. Russia is now threatening the renewed suspension of the Rusada and, in the worst case, also the exclusion from the 2020 Olympic Games in Tokyo.
