Fire extinguished in French chemical plant
The major fire in a chemical plant in the northern French city of Rouen is extinguished. The prefecture of Normandy announced this on Friday. The fire broke out on Thursday night. No one was injured in the incident. The fire brigade was operating with around 200 fire vehicles.
The fire could be stopped
Anrainer were called not to leave their homes. Buildings within a radius of 500 meters were evacuated, schools and kindergartens remained closed on Thursday. Additives for lubricants are produced in the chemical plant on the banks of the Seine. The factory is part of US billionaire Warren Buffett's Lubrizol company and is subject to the EU's so-called Seveso Directive, which imposes particularly strict safety requirements.
Around 400 people work in the plant. The chemical factory has already made headlines in the past - for example, when a leak in 2013 caused methanthiol to escape and the surrounding area to smell of rotten eggs. In 2015, around 2,000 litres of mineral oil flowed into the city's sewage system after an operating accident.
Woman quits her job to search 57 days for her missing bitch
For two months, a woman from Washington searched for her missing dog - and quit her job. Seven-year-old Border Collie had left the hotel room during a short vacation in Montana. 57 days there was no trace of the bitch - but Carole King did not give up.
"It was terrible. I got sick, "Carole King told the Daily Inter Lake. She and her husband had left bitch Katie in the hotel room while they went to dinner. When they returned to the hotel, Katie disappeared. They were looking for the animal, but without success.
Thunder panicked dog
Hoping Katie could still be in the hotel somewhere, Carole King went to the reception. "The employee says," She left about four, four and a half hours ago, "" recalls Carole King opposite "Daily Inter Lake." When the automatic entrance door opened, Katie ran out immediately. Probably a loud thunder panicked the dog.
With flyers and calls to Facebook groups, the Kings searched for their beloved dog. But days turned into weeks. "I never gave up. I never lost hope, "Carole King told the Daily Inter Lake, who quit her post office job to continue her search for Katie.
"The Tears Flowed"
57 days after Katie's disappearance, Carole King received a call: A man came forward and said that Katie was in his yard. But when King got there, Katie had already disappeared. She searched the neighborhood and suddenly her bitch was under a tree. "I just hugged her. I didn't want to let her go, "King recalled, according to the Daily Inter Lake. "The tears flowed. People stopped in their vehicles, got out and hugged us. I think the whole neighborhood knew we had found it. "
Losses at the Bundeswehr: machine guns disappear without a trace
Friday, 27 September 2019
Six machine guns of type MG3 have still disappeared.
In recent years, numerous weapons and tens of thousands of ammunition have been lost to the Bundeswehr. Among them are three machine guns. The whereabouts are unclear in most cases. The opposition speaks of a "frightening" scale.
Weapons and ammunition are constantly disappearing in the Bundeswehr - many of them so far without a trace. Since the beginning of 2014, the force has recorded the loss of 39 weapons, 39 weapon parts and almost 20,000 rounds of ammunition. This is evident from a classified list of the Federal Ministry of Defense, which the editorial network Germany reports on.
According to the paper from the office of Defense Secretary Peter Tauber of the CDU, two weapons, one weapon part and 3474 rounds of ammunition have reappeared. The weapons and weapon parts that have still disappeared include six MG3-type machine guns, eleven G3-type rifles, four G36-type rifles, six P8-type signal guns and two MG3-type pistols.
The extent of arms and ammunition losses in the Bundeswehr was "frightening," said the left-wing Bundestag member Martina Renner. This was all the more true because little had been found in the course of investigations. The left-wing politician spoke of a "poor record." Renner criticized the fact that the list did not show whether the ammunition that had disappeared included those found in connection with the investigations against the suspected Federal Military Officer Franco A. "Even though a supporter of Franco A. was recently convicted of possessing this ammunition," Renner said.
Oil tanker "Stena Impero" left Iranian port
More than two months after it was set by the Iranian authorities, the British oil tanker "Stena Impero" left the port of Bandar Abbas this Friday. As ship observation data from Refinitiv showed, the tanker set in motion and left the Iranian port. Port Rashid in the United Arab Emirates was indicated as the destination port.
The tanker had actually already been released by the Iranian government on Monday, but it initially remained in Iranian waters. The shipping company said that they wanted to wait for an official notification from Tehran.
The "Stena Impero" was brought up on 19 July by the Iranian Revolutionary Guards in the Seestraße of Hormuz on charges of violating security regulations. However, Iran was suspected to react to the controversial temporary fixing of an Iranian oil tanker in front of the British Gibraltar.
The Strait of Hormuz is one of the most important sea roads in the world. It connects the Persian Gulf with the Indian Ocean. Much of the global oil export is shipped through the strait. Tensions in the region had intensified immensely in recent months. Merchant shipping was drawn into the conflict between the US and Iran. Several incidents occurred with tankers and drones.
Merkel pays tribute to people's courage in the Peaceful Revolution
Chancellor Angela Merkel has acknowledged the commitment of the people of the GDR who took to the streets in the Peaceful Revolution 30 years ago. In the autumn of 1989, courageous citizens had wound up the GDR regime at the time, Merkel said at a ceremony of the Thuringian CDU Group on the upcoming day of German unity in Erfurt. Among other things, the chancellor recalled the occupation of the Stasi headquarters. "The state security was deprived of terror," she said.
Musk strives for delivery record
Tesla's quarter may hold record. Despite the delivery boom, there were losses at the electric car company.
New York.Tesla CEO Elon Musk has given his electric car company a strong boost on the stock market with the prospect of new record numbers. "We have the chance to reach our first quarter with 100,000 deliveries," Musk wrote in an email to Tesla employees published by the Electrek blog.
The demand was strong, so Tesla could register 110,000 orders, Musk's newsletter continued. The challenge was to get the cars to the customers quickly. Tesla had to offer as many resources as possible at the end of the quarter.
Investors liked this: Tesla's shares were out of trading with an increase of over six percent. The price has not increased that much in almost four months. In the second quarter Tesla had delivered a good 95,000 cars and thus reached its previous best.
Musk needs records to achieve his high goals. In 2019, he intends to deliver a total of 360,000 to 400,000 cars. For this purpose, six-digit figures must be obtained in the current and coming quarter. Especially the cheapest Tesla Model 3 is in demand, but here the profit margins are low. Despite the boom, there were recent losses.
Puzzle solved: That's why we can't tip ourselves
A kind of brake in the cerebellum prevents people from tickling themselves. Scientists at Humboldt University in Berlin found out this with the help of experiments on rats, as they announced on Thursday evening. Progress has also been made on why children resist tickling so hard, only to ask for more.
Finally, it was also shown why the approach of a tickling hand triggers laughter even before the touch. This is due to a deep layer in the cerebellum, which already triggers laughter when the tickling is expected.
According to the data, previous research showed that rats react with "laughter" in the ultrasound range when tickled by humans. This "laughter" is conveyed through the part of the cerebral cortex that serves the central processing of haptic perception.
Laughter is suppressed during self-contact
Until now, it had been assumed that the brain could distinguish between self-contact and touch by others - that is, people cannot tip themselves. However, the Berlin researchers now found out during the experiments on the rats that laughter as well as the activity of the relevant area of the cerebral cortex are suppressed during a self-contact. This is also the case when sentient beings brush themselves. During the foreign contact and tickling by the scientists, however, the activity in the brain and the impulse to laugh was intensified.
But if the self-contact and the contact with others happen at the same time, laughter is also suppressed. This indicates that the brain of the rat cannot distinguish between self-contact and contact with others. The new findings suggested that people cannot tip themselves because self-contact activates a brake in the cerebellum.
The rats were also trained to tip themselves. Thus, they sometimes aborted this initiation prematurely in the experiment, exhibiting escapism or horror. This ambivalence is similar to the behavior of the children. The ambivalence of tickling is a behavioural reaction that is the same in rats and humans.
Disaster averted: major fire extinguished in French chemical plant
The major fire in a chemical plant in the northern French city of Rouen is extinguished. The prefecture of Normandy told AFP on Friday. The fire broke out on Thursday night.
According to the authorities, no substances which are hazardous to health should have expired. The samples taken give no cause for concern, as Prefect Pierre-André Durand said at a press conference on Friday morning. No one was injured in the incident. The fire brigade was operating with around 200 fire vehicles.
Schools and kindergartens closed
Residents were called not to leave their homes. Buildings within a radius of 500 meters were evacuated, schools and kindergartens remained closed on Thursday.
Factory belongs to the company Lubrizol by US billionaire Warren Buffett
Additives for lubricants are produced in the chemical plant on the banks of the Seine. The factory is part of US billionaire Warren Buffett's Lubrizol company and is subject to the EU's so-called Seveso Directive, which imposes particularly strict safety requirements. Around 400 people work in the plant.
The chemical factory has already made headlines in the past - for example, when a leak in 2013 caused methanthiol to escape and the surrounding area to smell of rotten eggs. In 2015, around 2000 litres of mineral oil flowed into the city's sewage system after an operating accident.
Brexit: Johnson criticised by his own sister
The Prime Minister's sister commented on Boris Johnson's speech at the first sitting in Parliament after the forced break was lifted on Wednesday evening. The Prime Minister threatens to lead the country out of the EU on 31 October without a deal if Brussels fails to respond to its calls for changes to the Brexit agreement. However, it is unclear how he intends to achieve this.
About Cox, who had campaigned for Britain to remain in the European Union, the Prime Minister said: "The best way to honor Jo Cox's memory and reunite this country would be to leave the EU." Cox was murdered by a right-wing extremist during the referendum campaign in 2016.
Memorial to Oslo and Utöya attacks is unveiled
More than eight years after the attacks in Oslo and Utöya with 77 dead, a memorial in honor of the victims will be unveiled on Saturday in Norway. The monument "Jernrosene" (German: the iron roses) consists of about 1,000 iron rose reproductions. They recall the roses laid by thousands of people in the days and weeks after the attacks in front of the cathedral in Oslo.
The project of the artists Tobbe Malm and Tone Karlsrud will now be unveiled in the same location - the roses were forged by people from all over the world, including survivors and victims. Crown Prince Haakon and Crown Princess Mette-Marit are expected to open.
Right-wing terrorist Anders Behring Breivik first detonated a car bomb in the government district of Oslo on 22 July 2011 and subsequently shot dozens of participants in a holiday camp of the youth organization of the Social Democratic Workers Party on the island of Utöya. A total of 77 people were killed in the attacks.
Iran releases British tanker
The UN general debate did not resolve the Iran conflict. But now there is a problem less. The British oil tanker "Stena Impero," detained in Iran, was able to get back into the sea. It could be a jigsaw piece in Iranian President Ruhani's peace plan.
The British oil tanker "Stena Impero," which has been held in the Strait of Hormus in Iran since mid-July, is back in international waters. After being released by Iranian authorities, the ship is on its way to Dubai, as reported by the shipping company Stena Bulk.
The "Stena Impero" had left the port of Bandar Abbas and the crew was now going to Dubai for medical examinations, explained shipping manager Erik Hånell. At noon the ship left the Iranian waters. "Glad it's over," he told Swedish television station SVT.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs in London described the setting of the ship as illegal. "This is part of a pattern of attempts to compromise the freedom of the seas. We are working with our international partners to maintain shipping and international law, "said a statement on Friday.
On 19 July, the Iranian Revolutionary Guards imposed the tanker on charges of violating the law of the sea in the Persian Gulf. Seven of the 23 crew members had already been released in early September. The remaining 16 crew members are doing well according to the circumstances, Hånell said. They would have behaved professionally over the past ten weeks in view of the difficult and upsetting situation. The shipping company is now working to reunite them with their families as soon as possible.
The British government suspected behind the establishment of the "Stena Impero" a reaction to a similar incident in the British Gibraltar: at the beginning of July a supertanker with oil from Iran, which is said to have been destined for Syria, had been laid on the chain. According to the authorities, the delivery violated EU sanctions against the war country Syria. The British received the reference to the ship from the USA.
Iran spoke of "piracy" and threatened consequences. In mid-August the "Adrian Darya-1" was finally released. London vehemently rejected assumptions that it was an exchange deal to free the "Stena Impero."
The Strait of Hormus is one of the most important sea roads in the world. It connects the Persian Gulf with the Indian Ocean. Much of the world's oil sport is shipped through the strait. Tensions in the region had intensified immensely in recent months. Merchant shipping was drawn into the conflict between the US and Iran. Several incidents occurred with tankers and drones.
Behind the tensions between Tehran and Washington is the nuclear dispute between the two countries. The Americans accuse the Iranian leadership of trying to build nuclear weapons. Iran rejects that. In 2018, the United States pulled out of the international nuclear agreement to prevent Iran from building an atomic bomb while ending its political and economic isolation. Since then, the US government has been pressuring the leadership in Tehran with massive economic sanctions against the country to force a stricter agreement extended to other areas. Iran is resisting pressure so far.
Due to the dispute over the "Stena Impero" and further incidents with tankers in the Persian Gulf and oil facilities in Saudi Arabia, the US is working on a coalition for military protection of merchant ships in the region.
Iranian President Hassan Ruhani presented a plan for security and peace in the Strait of Hormus at the UN General Assembly in New York. With the "Coalition of Hope" initiative for the Persian Gulf, Iran, together with the Gulf Arab states and without foreign protections, wants to ensure the safety of shipping in the Persian Gulf.
India is building a better future with its protectionist economic policies.
India would actually be predestined as a "war winner." In light of the punitive tariffs imposed on Chinese producers by America's President Donald Trump, foreign producers in the People's Republic are forced to reroute. Finance chiefs of Asian companies considering moving their production from China to another country cite India as one of the preferred alternatives in a survey conducted by UBS. This, of course, has not only to do with the uncertainties of the Chinese-American trade war. With a huge pool of young workers and a single market of 1.3 billion consumers, India seems to have been created to play a more important role in the global production chain.
But now India itself has come into Trump's focus. Debilitating from the White House's skin as the "Kingdom of Tariffs," America withdrew the trade advantages for 2000 products from the emerging country at the beginning of June. The US accuses India of prohibitively high tariffs and calls for better market access for agricultural goods, mobile phones, spirits, motorcycles and more.
On the world map of the trade wars, however, the friction with India is merely a side show. In addition, America considers the world's largest democracy also through security glasses. Delhi and Washington combine concern about China's power claims in the South Indian Ocean. Against this background, a salve of American punitive tariffs against India seems unlikely. India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who has just taken up a second five-year term, is expected to weigh in on security.
However, the problem lies in a different place: the empirically hardened thesis that open markets accelerate economic development has a difficult state in the socialist Republic of India. Also under modes. His zeal for reform focuses mainly on bureaucratic insanity, which for too long suffocated any entrepreneurial spirit in the multi-ethnic state. Companies now receive faster building permits for buildings. They benefit from better energy and transport infrastructure, and a more robust insolvency and bankruptcy law creates conditions for liquidating seemingly dead companies with high debts more quickly.
The success of these efforts can be seen and measured in the relevant rankings. From economic optics, much has turned to the better in India in the first five modes. But this does not apply to trade policy. Induced to protect internationally low-competitive companies from foreign providers, the national conservative government even established new barriers.
In the West, Modi attaches the nimbus of the vigorous reformer who radically renews his country. This impression is not least due to the fact that the charismatic Prime Minister knows all too well which vocabulary Western managers like. At its core, however, the India First Advocate never shied away from protectionist economic policies, preventing Indian companies from being forced to get rid of anachronistic processes and thus becoming fit for global competition. Businessmen who survive thanks to the closure of their industries are among the primary voters of Modi's nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party and are applauding this short-sighted policy.
Funeral of Jacques Chirac on Monday in Paris
According to a report, former French President Jacques Chirac will be buried in Paris next week. The former head of state will be buried at Montparnasse cemetery in the south of the French capital on Monday, the AFP news agency reported, citing the Chirac family. The burial will take place in the close family circle. A public funeral ceremony in Paris's Invalidendom was scheduled for Sunday, media reported.
Carried the competitor to the finish: Dabo is the first secret hero of the World Championships in Athletics
The world's top was already in the finish line when heartwarming scenes took place at the cooled-down Khalifa International Stadium. In the first advance of the men over 5,000 meters Jonathan Busby from Aruba began to fluctuate dangerously. He could hardly keep himself on his feet just 300 meters before the finish, running in an unhealthy bent-back attitude, when Braima Suncar Dabo from the West African country Guinea-Bissau suddenly subdued him and dragged him to the finish supporting the last half-stadium lap. However, the forces at both were still sufficient to stop the accompanying wristwatch after the target run. Like the scene wasn't curious enough.
"I just wanted to help him. Everyone in this situation would have done the same, "Dabo said after the Mixed Zone race, when he unexpectedly caught the attention of the assembled journalists. Shy, he escaped first, did not want to talk about his heroism at all. After all, he wanted to set up his personal best time and when he realized that this was going to be difficult, he only wanted to help a fellow sufferer. And anyway, he would only be proud to represent his country, which was invited for the World Cup by the World Federation. Under normal circumstances, he shouldn't have even started. "That's why I'm proud to run here for my country," he said.
He did this that evening - and much more intensely than he would have thought. For this heroism will be remembered. Especially since Dabo even gave his competitor Busby the lead in the finish and voluntarily took the last place - a good five minutes after the Ethiopian Selemon Barega, who won this lead. In the end, it all had nothing to use, because the Busby, which only came to the finish with a lot of help, was disqualified at the very end by the World Athletics Association.
Dabo, who lives in Portugal and studies there in Lisbon, had joined in order to set a personal best time at the World Cup in Doha. According to official data, this succeeded with 18: 10.87 minutes, but he himself was disappointed: "I wanted to run 17:55 minutes. I've been under 18 minutes. " However, only in training, because best times do not count.
Multimillion-Dollar: Egyptians Prepare for Wild Protest Day
In Egypt, security measures have been strengthened in advance of possible government-critical protests. An increased police presence was observed in central Kairo on Friday. Several metro stations remained closed, roads around central Tahrir Square were closed.
Already in recent days, the police had stepped up their street controls and searched the mobile phones of pedestrians in part for messages and photos related to the protests. Hundreds had been arrested, according to two nongovernmental organizations.
Opponents of Al-Sisi
Last weekend there were protests in Cairo, Alexandria, Suez and Mansura with hundreds of participants. They opposed the government of President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, who critics accuse of corruption and mismanagement. There had been no such open protest against the political leadership in Egypt for years. Egyptian builder and actor Mohammed Ali, living in exile in Spain, who rolled up the demonstrations with video messages on Facebook, has called for a "million march" in central places in the country for this Friday. Ali calls for a "people's revolution." For most young Egyptians, the man is not a "good man, because he was a subcontractor for the army, but his messages arrive.
The number of arrests related to the protests continued to rise, according to two observer groups. The Egyptian Commission for Rights and Freedoms (ECRF) counted more than 1,570 arrests by Friday. The Egyptian Center for Economic and Social Rights (ECESR) and Human Rights Watch (HRW) spoke of more than 2,000 arrests. These figures could not be confirmed independently at first. The government also did not confirm and comment on the figures.
Arbitrary arrests
Many people were "arbitrarily arrested" "just because they were 'in the wrong place' at the wrong time," HRW reported, citing lawyers arrested. According to their lawyers, the allegations against those arrested range from "dissemination of misinformation" to membership in a "terrorist group." In Cairo, Alexandria and other cities, security forces in uniform, but also in civilian clothing, also randomly surveyed and searched passersby, according to HRW data.
HRW also criticised censorship in the North African country. The government in Cairo is blocking websites and online services to prevent further protests against Sisi.
Online retailer: Mail order retailers should be able to donate returns more easily
For online merchants, many returned packages are lost goods. About 20 million returns land on the garbage. But there is an alternative.
The Treasury has shown online retailers like Amazon and Zalando a way to donate returned products instead of destroying them.
Although the companies could not be exempted from the VAT on donations in kind, the ministry explained on a question of the Green Bundestag group, about which the newspapers of the Funke media group reported on Friday. However, traders could set the market value of unpalatable returns so low that they would have to pay no or little VAT.
Scientists at the University of Bamberg had determined that the federal citizens send back every sixth package when ordering on the Internet. Around four percent of the goods - around 20 million products - subsequently ended up in waste. It would cost companies additional money under the current legal situation, because the financial authorities assess donations in kind, such as a turnover, on which VAT is then incurred.
Green Group leader Katrin Göring-Eckardt called on Finance Minister Olaf Scholz (SPD) to clarify with a decree that companies can evaluate non-sellable products accordingly and donate free of charge to non-profit organisations. Companies should be able to rely on not being punished for donating. This applies not only to online retail, but also to other shops from the fashion store to the hardware store.
Banksy art for auction: There was never a better time to sell this painting
The well-known work of Streetart-Star Banksy, "Devolved Parliament," is to be auctioned soon.
For Branczik, Banksy's work emphasizes "the reconstruction of the world's oldest parliamentary democracy into the basic attitude characterized by animals and tribes." From Saturday, the painting will be exhibited at Sotheby's in the British capital until it is scheduled for auction on 3 October. It is estimated at 1.5 to two million euros.
The work was first exhibited in 2009 at the Bristol Museum in the southwest of Great Britain, where Banksy lives. This year the artist had exhibited the painting again - at the same time as the original Brexit date on 29 March. On this occasion the work, formerly called "Question Time," was renamed "Devolved Parliament."
The picture could change ownership for a million.
Most recently, at the first session of the House of Commons on Wednesday, Prime Minister Boris Johnson delivered a tough strike with the opposition after the Supreme Court lifted a forced break imposed by Johnson. Johnson intends to implement the already twice postponed Brexit on 31 October without any agreement with the EU.
This is not the first time Banksy, whose identity is still unknown, has interfered with the Brexit debate. In Dover, south-east England, he painted a painting depicting a man breaking a star of the European flag with a chisel. The plant sees thousands of truck drivers and other visitors entering the UK every day.
Brexit debate is like a "walk in the park"
According to his top adviser, British Prime Minister Boris Johnson's fierce verbal attacks on Brexit opponents in Parliament do not contribute to a climate of hate. Compared to the election campaign before the Brexit referendum in 2016, the current controversy is a "walk in the park," said Dominic Cummings at a book presentation on Friday. "We enjoy it. We will leave (the EU) and we will win. "
Johnson had harshly attacked Brexit opponents in Parliament in recent days, accusing them of, among other things, "treason" on the people. Accusations that he could put MPs at risk because they could become the target of murder threats, he dismissed them as "humbug."
Mr Cummings said the only way to restore calm was if Members of Parliament finally respected the British decision to leave the EU. It was not surprising that people were upset that Britain had still not left the EU three years after the referendum.
In view of the charged mood, even the bishops of the Anglican Church called for restraint on Friday. "We should speak with respect," said a statement. "And we should listen too."
Pakistan's Prime Minister Khan calls for UN intervention in Kashmir
With an emotional appeal, Pakistan's Prime Minister Imran Khan once again called on the United Nations to intervene in the Kashmir conflict in his first appearance before the UN General Assembly.
Otherwise, a renewed war between the nuclear powers of Pakistan and India is likely, Khan said at the UN General Debate in New York on Friday. "If this goes badly, you hope for the best, but be prepared for the worst." The United Nations has a responsibility for Kashmir. "You should have prevented this."
India and Pakistan have fought three wars since their independence from British colonial rule in 1947, two of them over the divided Kashmir region. Both nuclear powers dominate one part of Kashmir and another part belongs to China. At the beginning of August, India had withdrawn autonomy from the Indian Kashmir region, raising tensions with Pakistan abruptly.
Not even a bottle of water
Demonstrators in Cairo are calling for the overthrow of Egyptian President al-Sisi.
The government is reacting hard against the current protests in Egypt. She has sharp ammunition shot at the population, and more than 2000 prisoners join the 60,000 political prisoners in the prisons. Protesting has never been harmless in Egypt. But since General Abdel Fattah el-Sisi took power in 2013, the state apparatus has been doing its utmost to avoid a scenario like the Arab Spring.
But one of the triggers of the 2011 protests was the bad economic situation. Poverty, lack of perspective and the feeling of being suffocated by one's own government drove millions into the streets. And this is a problem, which also the regime of el-Sisi does not get to grips with, no matter how hard it goes against adversaries. The situation has even deteriorated.
Today, one in three people in Egypt live below the poverty line. Since 2016, the currency has lost more than half its value, with inflation at 10 percent. If you want to buy a bottle of water in the supermarket, you have to decide who to finance: Nestlé, Coca-Cola or the military. The latter is not only responsible for oppression, but also the largest economic player. The military builds roads, houses, football stadiums, produces food and much more. It was before el-Sisi. With authoritarian regimes the Egyptian people have a lot of experience, even the dilemma in the supermarket is an old one. It becomes critical whenever large sections of the population have difficulty affording a bottle of water at all.
Tüv tests in the terminal: BER boss: No more "showstoppers" for capital airport
For two months, it was checked whether the complicated system mesh for BER fire protection works together. The operators are satisfied with the progress. But the Tüv is not finished at the BER.
After large-scale testing at the terminal of the future capital airport, operators confirmed the planned opening in October next year. This is certain, said Supervisory Board Chairman Rainer Bretschneider after a meeting of the Supervisory Board.
Airport chief Engelbert Lütke Daldrup spoke of a successfully completed audit, but also said there were still shortcomings in the terminal to work out. "We have a lot of details, but we don't have a real showstopper." He assured that the timetable for commissioning still contained buffers.
However, there are indications that the time reserve should no longer be too large. The ready-to-build display will now be submitted to the Building Office during the first quarter of 2020, which was scheduled for this autumn at the beginning of the year.
Hundreds of deficiencies in power cables are still to be addressed; the Tüv wants to examine them by February. "In order to create the conditions for the commencement of flight operations, intensive work must continue to be done on the handling of the deficiencies," said a written communication.
Lütke Daldrup said that in many cases it is about missing evidence, less about new cables. There is also no release for all dowels on which the cable paths hang. The airport chief expects this to be available by the end of the year.
In addition, the fire protection at the crossing to the station below the terminal does not yet work satisfactorily. The problems had already led the project into another crisis three years ago. This time it is about smoke aprons, which in a fire shut down like a canvas, so that the smoke does not spread. They're going down too far. 36 motors must therefore be replaced. Then at the beginning of the year there are to be new experiments with hot gas smoke.
Problems with fire protection and other tree defects as well as planning defects have delayed the opening of the airport for years. It was originally scheduled to start operation in 2011. Since construction began in 2006, costs have increased from two billion euros to approximately 6.5 billion euros expected to be opened next year.
Since the number of passengers in Berlin has increased significantly since then, those responsible are planning to expand the airport. This is why the Supervisory Board will hold a special meeting on 18 October, as Chairman Bretschneider announced.
The airport company is now looking for two new managing directors. Chief Financial Officer Heike Fölster is moving to Deutsche Bahn at the end of the year, Chief Human Resources Officer Manfred Bobke-von Camen is retiring next year, as Bretschneider said. He thanked Fölster. She put the airport finances on her feet.
Chemnitz: Vending machines for drugs blown up - police arrest man
He needed money for drugs - and for that he blew up several vending machines in the Chemnitzer urban area! Now the perpetrator is finally in custody!
Over the past two years, the number of cigarette and parking ticket vending machines in Chemnitz and the region had increased sharply. There was a million damage!
The police took a 33-year-old German after two detonations at the end of May on Bürgerstraße and on Further Straße in Chemnitz.
Police spokesman Andrzej Rydzik: "In the course of the investigation into the induction of explosive explosions in a crime unit with a particularly serious case of theft, which were led by the Chemnitz criminal police, not only confirmed this suspicion against the 33-year-old."
Confronted with the new evidence, the 33-year-old Chemnitzer now confessed a total of eight deeds.
The police spokesman: "He apparently financed his addiction to narcotics with the prey." Between 20 August 2018 and 31 May 2019, the bomber alone had blown up parking ticket machines on the Bürgerstraße four times.
The total damage incurred amounts to at least 60 000 euros!
The vending machine bomber is now in custody. Police are continuing to investigate him.
It is conceivable that he was also responsible for further automatic explosions in Chemnitz and adjacent counties.
AUA takes over Eurowings flights from Vienna
The Lufthansa Group is reshaping its strategy for Vienna Airport. In the midst of the price struggle with low-cost airlines such as Lauda, Wizz Air, EasyJet and Level, Lufthansa's subsidiary AUA "takes over commercial control of all Eurowings flights from Vienna," an Austrian Airlines press spokesman confirmed to APA on Friday. Prior to that, it was reported by the editor NetOnline.
The Vienna base of the Lufthansa low-cost carrier Eurowings is thus de facto dissolved. Of the current seven Eurowings aircraft, four remain in Vienna. From January 2020, AUA will take over this in the "Wetlease," including Eurowings personnel. In the future, three Eurowings jets will be stationed in Salzburg, which will fly from Salzburg and Innsbruck as charter machines to holiday destinations. Routes from Vienna to Germany are taken over by Eurowings Deutschland.
The Eurowings base in Vienna will be integrated into the AUA hub and network planning, the spokesman said. Flight times should be adjusted to connecting flights. The aim was, on the one hand, to strengthen the Vienna hub and, on the other hand, to expand decentralised traffic out of the federal states.
In Vienna, Eurowings only serves as a production company for AUA. For example, Barcelona and Rome would be operated with AUA flight number, but mainly with Eurowings equipment. Although the on-board product should be adapted to that of Austrian Airlines, the pilots and cabin crew are from Eurowings. According to the report, the Eurowings flights taking off under the AUA flight number are no longer handled in Terminal 1, but in the same way as the AUA in Terminal 3.
A price fight broke out at Vienna Airport after the Niki collapse. The Ryanair subsidiary Laudamotion only announced on Thursday that it will increase the fleet in Vienna next summer to 16 aircraft. The Irish low-cost carrier sends four Ryanair machines and crews to Vienna, also in the so-called "Wetlease," which criticized the union as a bypass construct for the collective agreement.
Ryanair chief Michael O'Leary's announcement that Lauda will have overtaken the AUA in five years, replied on Friday AUA board member Andreas Otto: "We remain number one at the site in five, six or ten years."
Queen granddaughter Princess Beatrice is engaged
Beatrice, Eugenie, William and Harry: As children, cousins were the best friends. Now marries the last of the four. Beatrice is engaged!
Wonderful news from the British royals: In the Italy holidays at the beginning of the month Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi (34) is said to have stopped by the hand of his girlfriend Princess Beatrice (31). The palace announced this on Thursday.
"We are delighted to announce our engagement. We are both so excited to start this adventure together and can't wait to actually be married, "the couple, who according to British media reports have been together since October 2018, announced in the official release.
And further: "We share so many similar interests and values and we know that this will help us greatly in the coming years of love and happiness."
Sister Eugenie cracked the pictures
The official engagement photos were taken by her sister, Princess Eugenie (29) - and also posted on her Instagram account.
A royal feast
The wedding is scheduled for 2020. The palace will announce more information about the date, location and everything else in the coming months.
It is certain, however, that the marriage of the number nine of the British succession to the throne and the real estate mogul will be a similar celebration as the wedding of Eugenie on 12 October 2018 with Jack Brooksbank (33).
Study on causes of heart disease
Smoking, overweight, unhealthy diet - there are risk factors for cardiovascular disease. But what really triggers a heart failure or an infarction? Hamburg researchers now want to take a close look at the genetic material of 9000 healthy and sick people.
About the analysis of the genetic material of 9000 people Hamburg and Swiss scientists want to find out in more detail the causes of cardiovascular diseases.
The research project is the largest of its kind in German-speaking countries, the University Hospital Hamburg-Eppendorf (UKE) announced on Friday. The Kühne Foundation is funding the project with 12.5 million euros. From Switzerland, Davos High Mountain Hospital, owned by the Foundation, and Zurich University Hospital are involved.
Obesity, smoking and unhealthy diets are among the main influencing risk factors for cardiovascular diseases. Genetic factors determine the risk. However, the interaction between genes and external influences is insufficiently known, it said. Now the scientists want to compare the complete genome of 8000 healthy people with that of 1000 former patients of the University Heart and Vascular Center at the UKE.
More than 4,000 of the approximately 20,000 relevant human genes are currently known for possible disease-causing changes in DNA - so-called mutations -, the clinic said. About 200 are added each year.
According to the initiators, the five-year project aims to develop new options for the prevention, detection and treatment of cardiac arrhythmias, heart weakness and heart attacks. According to Stefan Blankenberg, head of the University Heart and Vascular Center, the data could also be useful in the study of other folk diseases. New findings on the interaction between heart and brain, heart and kidney as well as on cancers are possible.
The chairman of the Kühne Foundation, Klaus-Michael Kühne (82), also stressed that there is a firm will to use the data for research into other diseases. So far, the Davos Foundation's clinic has mainly dealt with allergies. Now a Center for Cardiovascular Precision Medicine should be created on the medical campus there and a professorship for bioinformatics should be created. In order to justify his commitment, the Swiss-based logistics entrepreneur said that he had had open heart surgery in Hamburg three years ago and was very grateful.
The organic samples of the healthy participants come from hamburgers who also participate in the "Hamburg City Health Study." According to the hospital, this is the largest local health study in the world with 45,000 subjects. In the case of genetic property decryption, strict attention is paid to the protection of anonymised data, the scientists assured. It is about a petabyte (1000 terabytes) of data, said Holger Moch from the University Hospital Zurich.
According to the UKE, human genome can be decoded within 24 hours. The pure material costs for this would be 1300 euros. The first gene sequencing worldwide, the results of which were published in 2001, cost several hundred million euros. The study is scheduled to begin on 1 October and all 9000 samples will be analysed by the end of 2020. First results are expected the following year.
Nigerian police free hundreds of abused boys
In Nigeria, police have released more than 300 tortured and abused boys from a Quran school. According to evidence from residents, security forces searched the school in the northern Nigerian city of Kaduna and discovered the victims, some of whom were still underage, according to police spokesman Yakubu Sabo. "The victims were mistreated. Some of them claimed to have been raped by their teachers, "said Sabo.
The boys were held under the pretext of being taught and "improved" in the Koran. In fact, the protégés were detained by their teachers under "the most degrading and inhumane conditions," said Sabo. About a hundred pupils, including children aged nine, were chained in a small room.
The Koran school was reported to have existed for about ten years. Residents would have made the authorities aware of repeated irregularities in the facility. The parents were shocked when they were taught about the conditions in the Quran school, Sabo said. They would have known nothing about the suffering of their children. The operator and six employees were arrested, according to police.
In the predominantly Muslim north of Nigeria there are many private Koran schools. They replace the often deficient state institutions. People in the region suffer from frequent attacks by armed gangs. According to the UN refugee agency, more than 40,000 people have therefore fled across the border to the neighbouring state of Niger in the past ten months.
Chained and tortured: Nigeria's police release 400 children from school
Police officers have freed nearly 400 students from appalling conditions at a school in northern Nigeria. "Many of them were chained and some had visible injuries indicating torture," said police spokesman Yakubu Sabo in Kaduna City.
The children were discovered there on Thursday after a note in an Islamic school. The conditions there were "unworthy of man." The officers arrested the headmaster and six teachers after the liberation operation.
The children, all boys, were kept at their school like slaves and laid chains. Some had been sexually abused. Television pictures showed diminished and injured pupils in a noticeably poor state of health.
World football election: Further accusations after Messis and Klopps Kür
Football "Signature not valid"
Jürgen Klopp, Lionel Messi and Megan Rapinoe awarded
With a gala in Milan, the Fifa World Football Association honours the best player, the best player and the best coach of the year. For Lionel Messi it is the sixth honor and thus record.
After Nicaragua's captain declared that he had never voted in the world football election, accusations come from other countries to Fifa. Egypt was not valued at all - with a curious justification.
A lot of things at Fifa have proven appealing in recent years: the World Cup awards, dubious plans of its president Gianni Infantino, the general behaviour of various corrupt officials. However, the FIFA World Football Cup election has so far not been suspected of going unclean - if you refrain from the voting national coaches and national team captains of the member associations often voting more on the basis of sympathy than on the basis of objective assessment.
But after Nicaragua's captain had already complained that he had not voted at all, further inconsistencies now emerge: Egypt complains that the votes of national coach Hossam El-Badry and captain Mohamed Salah were not taken into account. In fact, they do not appear in the official and publicly available voting overview.
Fifa apologises in that "the signatures on the election forms were in capitals and therefore not valid." The Egyptian Association has been contacted several times to clarify the situation - without reply.
Sudan's coach also surprised
There is also an outcry from Sudan regarding the election. While the situation is understandable in the case of Egypt, the Sudanese association states that coach Zdravko Lugarisic did not vote in the way that was finally assessed: with Lionel Messi in first place, Virgil van Dijk in second place and Sadio Mané in third place. According to Fifa, however, the vote was received in the same way, with signatures and official stamp of the Sudanese association.
Nicaragua's captain Juan Barrera also made accusations: "Did not vote for the # TheBest2019 Awards. All the information about my voice is wrong, thank you, "he wrote. In his case, it was suspected that the Nicaraguan Football Association simply voted on his behalf.
The association came on Friday now the message: True, but of course was no intention. The completed electoral documents were "erroneously" marked with the name and signature of Juan Barrera, captain of the Nicaraguan selection, according to a communication from the association. But actually the second captain Manuel Rosas had chosen. "We take responsibility for the administrative error," the communication said. Both Rosas and team coach Henry Duarte would have voted for Messi, "just as it is on FIFA's official list."
The other cases Fifa is now investigating in an investigation, but stresses that the election process was overseen externally by the consulting firm-Water-Coopers. As long as Lionel Messi remains the undisputed winner of the world football choice - and Jürgen Klopp world coach of the year.
Ukraine affair: Senior Republicans advocate official investigation
Two senior Republicans have openly advocated an official investigation of US President and party friend Donald Trump. "I think the investigation is important," said the Republican governor of Vermont, Phil Scott. "Where this leads from here is determined by the facts that are established." He wants to know more about the whistleblower affair before action is taken. Impeachment proceedings may lead to the removal of the President.
Scott said he wasn't surprised by the revelations. They showed that Trump repeatedly asked Ukrainian President Volodymyr Selenskyj in a phone call to investigate the activities of democratic presidential candidate and former Vice President Joe Biden in Ukraine. According to Scott, Trump has been watching Biden "for years."
Republicans have so far been reluctant to criticize Trump for the whistleblower affair, and few have revealed unease about it. Scott's remarks are now a first sign of this in Trump's party. The moderate governor of Virginia had already opposed Trump's policies several times, such as easing environmental legislation and tightening immigration regulations.
As another senior Republican, Charlie Baker, governor of Massachusetts, also advocated the investigation. "It's a deeply disturbing situation," Baker said. "The right course of action and responsibility for Congress is now to investigate the matter and get to the bottom of it."
Scott and Baker, as governor of U.S. states, formally have no say in the case against Trump, which is being decided in Congress. Their statements are therefore above all symbolically important. Nevertheless, first Republican senators have also been critical of the situation. Mitt Romney, representing the state of Utah in the second chamber of parliament, said the case was "extremely disturbing, deeply disturbing." The US media also reports that there are initial internal cracks among Republicans.
The affair could result in the opening of an inauguration proceedings against Trump, and Democrats in the House of Representatives have announced an investigation into it. They accuse him of abuse of power for the purpose of foreign influence for his own political benefit.
There is no precise timetable for the removal from office. With their majority in the House of Representatives, Democrats could push for so-called impeachment. But the decision on an actual removal from office fell in the Senate, where Trump's Republicans have a majority. The prospects for success of such a procedure are therefore low. So far, no US president has been removed from office through impeachment proceedings.
Were torturers on board of Racketes "Sea Watch"?
Three men have been arrested in Sicily, allegedly raped and murdered in Libyan refugee camps.
The German captain, Carola Rackete (31), was arrested in June after she had unauthorized boarded the port of Lampedusa with the rescue ship "Sea Watch 3" and 53 Libyan refugees on board. After heavy protests and international criticism - also by Austrian President Alexander van der Bellen - her house arrest was lifted after a few days by an Italian judge.
Now new serious accusations against Rackete are being made. Three men accused of torture in Libyan refugee camps may have arrived in Italy with the "Sea-Watch 3." The suspects were caught in a detention centre in Messina, Sicily, after migrants recognized their tormentors in Italy. "We cannot rule this out, but we do not have secure information on it ourselves," "Sea Watch" spokesman Ruben Neugebauer told the German Press Agency.
Police said in mid-September that the suspects had raped, tortured and even murdered the North African country. They were Mohammed C. (27) from Guinea, and the two Egyptians Hameda A. (26) and Mahmoud A (24). "The migrants were systematically harassed and subjected to atrocities - by repeated and constant physical violence," the communication said.
NGOs and aid agencies now point out that they cannot know exactly who is coming at the ships. "We can't scan who the people are. They come without passports, "said Neugebauer. Torture is one of the main reasons why people flee Libya. It is therefore quite probable that there are also perpetrators on the ships. "It is therefore very important that this is pursued."
Italy's right-wing former Interior Minister Matteo Salvini immediately demanded an apology from Rackete, who is still under investigation in Italy for aid to illegal immigration.
Musk strives for delivery record at Tesla
Tesla CEO Elon Musk has given his electric car company a strong boost on the stock market with the prospect of new record numbers.
"We have the chance to reach our first quarter with 100,000 deliveries," Musk wrote in an email to Tesla employees published by the Electrek blog.
The demand was strong, so Tesla could register 110,000 orders, Musk's newsletter continued. The challenge was to get the cars to the customers quickly. Tesla had to offer as many resources as possible at the end of the quarter.
Investors liked this: Tesla's shares were out of trading with an increase of over six percent. The price has not increased that much in almost four months. Tesla delivered a good 95,000 cars in the second quarter, reaching its previous record.
Musk needs records to achieve his high goals. In 2019 he wants to deliver a total of 360,000 to 400,000 cars. For this purpose, six-digit figures must be obtained in the current and coming quarter. Especially the cheapest Tesla Model 3 is in demand, but here the profit margins are low. Despite the boom, there were recent losses.
US budget dispute: Once again, only bridge financing
The new financial year will begin in the United States on 1 October without a proper budget. The Senate followed the House of Representatives on Thursday and approved transitional funding until November 21.
Although American Congress and President Donald Trump agreed in August to increase spending ceilings for the fiscal years 2020 and 2021, the United States is once again without spending plans ahead of the new fiscal year beginning on October 1. The Senate followed the House of Representatives on Thursday and approved a Continuing Resolution (CR) until November 21. Without such a decision, a shutdown would have occurred at midnight on Monday, a partial closure of the federal administration. President Trump has yet to put the decision into effect.
Shutdown averted
For the time being, the federal administration will now be financed at the level and according to the priorities of the spending plans for the 2019 financial year ending on Monday. This is because Congress has not been able to agree in time on the 12 spending laws that allocate the funds to the various departments and authorities. For the time being, the federal administration cannot, therefore, of 1,3 bio for the new financial year. benefit from 1.4 bio. $ expanded spending frame.
Democrats have completed ten of the twelve laws in the House of Representatives, where they have a majority. But the spending laws reflect Democratic priorities that have little chance in the Republican-dominated Senate. Conversely, the Senate also has ten of the twelve spending plans more or less ready, which are barely able to majority.
The spirits differ primarily on the topic of resource allocation in the field of domestic security and border security. In the Senate, Republicans appear to be trying to force $12 billion for wall construction, one of President Trump's big priorities. The Democrats are disturbed by the wall plans and their funding, which is actually intended for other military buildings and projects. The dispute over wall construction had already escalated in December 2018 and led to a 35-day shutdown.
At the wall building the spirits divorce
It is currently unclear how the parties intend to approach this issue. More likely than an agreement on all twelve spending laws in the next seven weeks is an extension of transitional financing beyond 21 November. Even a shutdown is dannzumal not excluded.
Against the backdrop of Congress's continuing inability to agree on the twelve spending laws in time, and the associated risk of a shutdown, ideas for automating the process are gaining popularity. Submission p. 1877 to avoid shutdowns would automatically continue the financing of the federal administration at the previous year's level, prevent the travel activities of parliamentarians and withhold their wages until the new annual expenditure plans were available.
France allows artificial fertilization for lesbians and singles
In France, artificial fertilization will also be open to single women and lesbians in the future: The Paris National Assembly voted by a large majority in favour of a government bill allowing all women to avail themselves of in vitro fertilization. This should significantly increase the demand for anonymous sperm donations.
The proposal still needs the approval of the Senate. In the three-day emotional debate, critics in the right-wing camp warned that many "children without a father" could grow up in the future. The French Episcopal Conference is also opposed to the innovation.
The new regulation is the core component of a bioethics law that Health Minister Agnès Buzyn defended as an "opportunity" for society. It illustrates the modern family in which there are children with only one parent or with homosexual parents. According to her, the costs of artificial fertilisation for all women are to be borne by social security.
Fertilization with sperm of dead husband further forbidden
By a narrow majority, however, the National Assembly rejected an amendment that would give widows access to their dead husband's semen for artificial fertilization. In Belgium, Spain and Great Britain, artificial fertilization is permitted "post-mortem." In Germany, there have been cases in the past in which women sued in vain for the issuance of the sperm of a deceased. The opponents of the advance in Paris argued that a child of this kind would then carry a "particularly severe fate."
Many deputies of the government party La République en Marche (The Republic on the Move, LREM) of President Emmanuel Macron and members of the opposition had opposed artificial insemination with the sperm of the deceased partner. They stressed that a widow would be subjected to "double mourning" if her husband's death also left her desire to have children unfulfilled.
The initiators of the now failed amendment consider it unfair that a widow can be fertilised with the sperm of an unknown person in the future, but not with that of her own partner.
So far, artificial fertilization in France is only permitted to heterosexual couples who cannot witness children. You must be married or live together for at least two years. Buzyn had already announced in the summer that the surrogacy would remain forbidden.
In Germany, artificial fertilization is theoretically open to all women - yet it is often difficult for single or lesbian couples.
Climate compensation: Calls for air tax for unis are growing louder
A lot is being flown at the colleges. That is why the country wants to have a climate tax paid there in the future. The rectors say they have no money for it. But now they also come under internal pressure.
Universities should also limit themselves when flying. Photo: dpa/Julian Stratenschulte
The discussion about a climate levy on flights from universities and colleges, which was postponed before the summer break, comes up again. After the national rectors' conference had sceptically reacted to a corresponding push from the green-black coalition, the plans now receive support from the universities. In a joint statement, the doctoral students from six universities in Baden-Württemberg and a pedagogical university argue for compensation for service flights. As a first step, this was "urgently needed" and at the same time there had to be a broad debate on the avoidability of flights, according to her opinion. Meanwhile, the cabinet decision originally planned in July is still on hold because the CDU has still not approved the Green Party's proposal.
Russia once again detains North Korean fishermen
According to the secret service FSB, the detainees were allegedly fishing illegally in Russian waters. Ten days earlier, 161 fishermen from North Korea were arrested. At that time there was an exchange of gunfire between the border guards and the boat crew. Three Russians and one North Korean were injured and the fisherman later succumbed to his serious injuries. But this time there were no injuries, they said.
Communist North Korea suffers from chronic food shortages. The North Korean fishermen were thus travelling in Russian territorial waters. The Coast Guard of Russia uses patrols to protect its marine biological resources.
30,000 squid seized
During the new controls, 30,000 squid were discovered on the boats and confiscated. In addition, three fishing boats and two motor boats were seized and taken to Nachodka and Posjet near Vladivostok.
Russia's fisheries authority had not issued fishing licences to the North Koreans this year, even after complaints from local entrepreneurs. According to the media, thousands of fishermen from North Korea have been arrested there at times this year.
The head of the Association of Russian Fishing Companies in the Far Eastern region of Primorje, Georgi Martynov, recently complained of severe ecological damage by North Korean fishermen. They fished with narrow-mesh synthetic nets banned in Russia. These would also take small creatures out of the sea. In addition, the nets would simply be disposed of in the sea, where they would take 200 years to be decomposed.
In future only 18,000: USA lowers asylum ceiling
The "most generous nation in history": Donald Trump, here at a meeting with elected police representatives in the White House.
The wealthiest country in the world is shutting itself off from those seeking protection: As the State Department in Washington confirms, the ceiling on the legal admission of refugees will be lowered further. In the future, especially threatened believers and Iraqis will receive asylum.
The US government wants to lower the already historically low limit for the reception of new refugees once again. In the 2020 marketing year, which runs in the United States from October 2019 to September 2020, a maximum of 18,000 people are to be allowed into the country, as the US State Department explained. In the already almost past marketing year, the limit is still 30,000 people.
President Donald Trump's administration has drastically lowered the readiness for protectors from around the world in recent years. Under Barack Obama's predecessor administration, much higher reception limits had been imposed.
The target ceiling of 18,000 refugees would be the lowest since the introduction of the US refugee programme in 1980. The State Department nevertheless described the US as "the most compassionate and generous nation in history," a phrase strongly reminiscent of the use of language by the incumbent US President.
A "responsible approach" to refugees is aimed at allowing refugees to return to their home countries to help rebuild them, Trump explained. He receives a lot of support from supporters for his tough course in migration policy, but there is also massive criticism.
A major issue is the border with Mexico, which Trump wants to seal off. In order to finance the construction of a border wall, Trump had imposed the National Emergency. Whether there is a temporal link between the current measure and the current domestic policy developments in the US capital is unclear. Trump is currently under pressure for the Selenskyj affair and a possible threat of impeachment.
According to the Foreign Office, the US government wants to focus in the future on the admission of two refugee groups: people who are persecuted for their beliefs - and Iraqis who have helped the US military in the country and have thereby come under threat, as the State Department's statement indicates. A maximum of 1500 refugees will be admitted from Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador.
The US wants people from this "northern triangle" of Central America in particular to apply for asylum in other countries. Against this backdrop, the United States has concluded migration agreements with Guatemala and now with El Salvador and Honduras to curb immigration on the US southern border with Mexico.
Court orders release of orangutan from zoo
An orangutan female has been transferred from the former Buenos Aires Zoo to a capture station for apes in the USA at the request of Argentina's judiciary. The "Sandra," who was born in 1986 at the Rostock Zoo, was granted the rights of a "non-human person," so their release was mandatory. The animal was taken by direct flight to Dallas on Thursday evening - not as a passenger, but in the cargo hold, as lawyer Andrés Gil Domínguez explained.
Since the 53 kilogram human monkey is unable to adapt to life in the wilderness, it will live in the free enclosure of the Center for Great Apes in Florida in the future. There are already 21 more orangutans and 31 chimpanzees, among them "Bubbles," formerly pet of pop star Michael Jackson. Before entering Florida, however, Sandra has to undergo a 40-day quarantine at Sedgwick County Zoo in Wichita, Kansas.
After her birth in Rostock, "Sandra" spent a few years at the former Ruhr Zoo in Gelsenkirchen before she was transferred to Buenos Aires in 1995. The process of "Sandra's" fundamental rights, which was initiated by animal welfare workers in 2014, has helped to transform the Buenos Aires Zoo into an ecopark. By 2023, a research and education center to preserve biodiversity will be established there.
Record for Swiss extreme climbers: 550 meters in 46 minutes
The extreme climber Dani Arnold succeeded at the almost 3000 meters high Grosse Zinne in the Italian Alps a new Husarenritt.
Without a net, double ground or other tools, the Swiss conquered the 550 metre high north wall of the Große Zinne in a new record time.
Dressed in jeans, T-shirt and only supported by absolute dizziness Arnold took 46 minutes and 30 seconds to climb. He undercut the old record by almost 19 minutes.
Arnold is now a record holder in the Free Solo Speed on four of the six most important European north walls.
Nike benefits from new online marketing strategy
Despite the trade conflict with China, US sporting goods manufacturer Nike posted a significant increase in profits. Net profit rose to 1.4 billion dollars (close to 1.3 billion euros) in the past quarter. This is 25 percent more than in the same period last year, as the Group reported on Tuesday. The main reason for this is the new marketing strategy "Nike Direct," with which the Adidas competitor directly addresses its customers online.
Sales rose to $10.7 billion in the three-month period ending August. Nike sales rose by 22 percent in China. The Group from Beaverton in the US state of Oregon thus also benefited from its approach in the People's Republic to address consumers directly via the Internet or smartphone apps.
Chief Financial Officer Andy Campion announced that Nike would continue to drive the "digital transformation" of the sporting goods manufacturer with strategic investments, thereby expanding its competitive advantage. Investors reacted with pleasure to the quarterly figures - the sporting goods manufacturer's shares rose by more than five percent.
Lifetime stadium ban for racism in Italy
Because of racist comments about soccer player Juan Jesus from AS Rome, the club from the Italian capital imposed a lifetime stadium ban on a fan. The Brazilian defender Jesus was insulted by the fan on Instagram. Jesus then published the private news and asked his club to take action. "@ officialasroma You already know what to do with such a fan. # NoToRacism. Proud to be who I am, "wrote the 28-year-old, who has been playing at AS Rome since 2016.
The club responded late Thursday. He reported the fan's account to Instagram and the police. In addition, the Roma follower should never visit a game of the club again, the club wrote on Twitter.
Racism is a problem in Italian football. Italian fans regularly chant racist insults against black players from rival teams. "We cannot have racism in society or in sport. In Italy, the situation has not improved, and that is very serious. You have to identify those responsible and throw them out of the stadiums, "Fifa President Gianni Infantino said at the weekend. The reason for the statement was racist chants at the first division match between Atalanta Bergamo and AC Florence last Sunday.
But there had also been discussions about the followers of Juventus Turin. The Italian authorities have now banned 38 riotous fans of record-holder Juventus Turin. Four of them are not expected to enter the stadium for a period of ten years, the police reported. Prohibitions of four to seven years apply to the others.
The fans are in contact with ongoing investigations against twelve leaders of ultra-fishing groups around Juventus. The twelve are accused of serious extortion, money laundering and private violence. The club rolled out the investigation with an ad last year.
According to Italian media reports, ultra-leaders are supposed to be behind the black trade in tickets. They would have "military-controlled" ticket trading for the fan curve and should have blackmailed Juventus employees to get more favorable tickets.
Generation Z: Are they really different from Generation Y?
Millennials are narcissistic, generation Z is political - whole vintages are considered with handy designations. If you take a closer look, the awards are full of contradictions. So how well do these labels describe young people's sense of life?
"The crabs are coming!" With this reputation, the crab fishing on Lake Gucheng in Gaochun officially started on September 21, which also marked the beginning of the opening event of the 19th China Gaochun Gucheng Lake Crab Festival, as announced by the public relations department of the Nanjing-Gaochun District Committee.
Gaochun, which forms the southern foothills of Nanjing in Jiangsu Province, is one of the national environmental zones. The city is the first international "Slow City" in China and is also home to the Chinese headquarters of the international "Slow City" movement. The city has ideal ecological conditions with a mixture of "30 percent mountains, 20 percent water areas and 50 percent fields." The magnificent natural environment of Gaochun offers its inhabitants all conditions to become rich.
The people of Gaochun started cultivating crabs in the early 1990s. Over time, the crab industry has become a dominant industry, generating high incomes and becoming an important part of Gaochun's economic development. In recent years, Gaochun has actively sought large-scale, ecological and scientific development of crab farming as well as technology-based crab farming. And the city has taken care of promoting more efficiency in agriculture and farmers' incomes.
In recent years, Gaochun has advanced a reform to "distribute power, optimize administration and government services" and carefully built the service network for "permits under one roof, a team for law enforcement, a network for services, a platform for lending." In doing so, the city aims to optimize the environment for permits, services and development.
Gaochun takes full advantage of the local benefits of connecting to southern Jiangsu and southern Anhui and exploits the development zone and its position as an international "Slow City" as a signpost to locate intelligent high-end production companies, companies for biomedical and medical technology, for energy storage and environmental protection, from the cultural and health sector as well as companies for organic agriculture leading in the "3 + 2" sector. At the same time, Gaochun has encouraged the development of a national, all-area tourism zone and tourist resorts of national importance. In this context, the ecological and cultural resources of the Gaochun countryside have been integrated, the state of the buildings for civic services and for the public service has been greatly improved, the areas "tourism +" and "+ tourism" have been vigorously developed and the development of cultural tourism at a high quality level has been advanced. It is worth looking forward to the future of Gaochun.
Iran-US conflict: Ruhani talks about ending sanctions - Trump contradicts
After his return from the UN General Assembly, Iranian President Hassan Ruhani spoke of an alleged US bid to lift sanctions. In return for talks with the Tehran leadership, the United States had envisaged an end to all sanctions, Ruhani explained on his official website.
US President Donald Trump, however, contradicted Iran's counterpart via Twitter: "Iran wanted me to lift the sanctions imposed on it so that there would be a meeting. I said, of course, no. "
Ruhani describes what happened this way: Chancellor Angela Merkel, British Prime Minister Boris Johnson and French President Emmanuel Macron were present in New York and urged a meeting to take place. "And America says I'm lifting the sanctions," added Ruhani. The nature of the punitive measures to be terminated had been debated. "And they clearly said we were lifting all sanctions."
However, this push was not in an acceptable way, criticized Ruhani. Given the current punitive measures and "the poisoned atmosphere of maximum pressure," no one could predict the outcome of negotiations.
Earlier this week, Chancellor Angela Merkel met with Ruhani in New York. The background was the hope of Europeans to save the nuclear agreement with Iran negotiated with Russia and China. This is to prevent the Islamic Republic from developing nuclear weapons. France's President Emmanuel Macron, like Merkel on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly, expressed the hope that Ruhani would meet with US President Donald Trump.
Severe earthquake near Istanbul - almost 200 aftershocks
With two earthquakes shaking western Turkey within a very short time, there is growing fear of disaster. 34 people were injured in Tuesday's earthquake. There have been almost 200 aftershocks since the previous day's quake, Turkish Vice President Fuat Oktay said on Friday. As a result, there is growing concern about a disaster.
14 schools in Istanbul were closed for safety reasons. Hundreds of buildings were damaged. The 5.8 magnitude earthquake shook the Martian region off Istanbul on Thursday, causing panic in the metropolis of millions. The government now intends to set up a commission to better prepare the country for earthquakes in the future, Octay announced.
Over the past 20 years, Turkey has not been sufficiently prepared for quakes, said Istanbul Mayor Ekrem Imamoglu. In the city itself, the latent danger is repeatedly ignored. Every year, poorly built dwellings collapse - made, among other things, murky by the many minor earthquakes that regularly shake Istanbul.
Urban planners such as the well-known architect Mücella Yapici have been warning for years that large open areas, which were registered in the center as refuge, have long since been built up. Only on the 20th anniversary of the Gölcük quake in August, the Istanbul Chamber of Civil Engineering warned that an estimated one million buildings in Istanbul were not earthquake-proof.
The epicentre of Thursday's quake was located in the Marmara Sea off the Silivri district and at a depth of about seven kilometres, according to the Afad civil protection agency. A smaller aftershock caused even greater panic on the streets a few minutes later.
Istanbul Mayor Ekrem Imamoglu said on Twitter that injured or damaged persons had not been reported at first. The state broadcaster TRT showed people running out of the houses in panic. Students were brought from the buildings in the Silivri district for safety reasons. Some students cried as seen in pictures.
Istanbul is considered particularly vulnerable to earthquakes. Below the Marmara Sea lies a section of the so-called North Anatolian disturbance, which marks the border between the Eurasian and Anatolian earth plates. Turkey is repeatedly shaken by earthquakes. One of the most deadly was the 1999 quake near Istanbul. At that time, more than 17,000 people were killed.
Researchers fear that an earthquake of magnitude 7.1 to 7.4 could threaten. But when the earthquake occurs is unclear. The earthquake on Thursday hit the west of the country and Istanbul again.
Companies design contingency plans, private people have so-called go-bags packed with everything necessary to stand next to front doors, and schools teach children how to behave when the earth shakes. When the next big quake comes, be unclear.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said after returning from New York that eight people had been injured. Some buildings would have suffered minor damage. Istanbul Mayor Ekrem Imamoglu followed the developments of the Istanbul Disaster Coordination Centre (Akom). According to him, two minarets of mosques collapsed in the districts of Avcilar and Sariyer.
Warning of aftershocks in Istanbul
In social networks, many users report panic. Buildings were shaking. Schools and hospitals were evacuated. Telephone lines were interrupted. It was more violent than Tuesday's, writes one user. Kerem Klinik, head of the Turkish Red Crescent, warned of aftershocks via Twitter. He called on people to stay away from buildings that suffered visible damage.
The time of the quake is reported to be 13.59 (local time). Only a few minutes after the first quake, according to CNN Turkey, there was an aftershock that was reported with a magnitude of 4.0 on the Richter scale.
Only on Tuesday had an earthquake of magnitude 4.6 shaken the Turkish Marmarar region - it was felt until Istanbul. Its epicenter was also located in the Marmara Sea west of the metropolis of millions, the civil protection agency Afad announced already on Tuesday.
It was not the only earthquake to make headlines this Tuesday: Pakistan was also hit by a severe earthquake.
Researchers assume that sooner or later a catastrophic earthquake could occur in Istanbul - the tension between the tectonic plates is extremely high. Scientists believe it will eventually unload - and cause massive damage.
Earthquake researcher SuckErsoy expects the earthquake to be a warning now. This made it more likely, he told CNN Türk. "These could be the signs of a major earthquake," Ersoy told the station. "Sooner or later the great quake will come."
There had already been an incident a few weeks ago - the quake also caused great concern in Istanbul. In Albania there had been a violent earthquake only a few days ago - there were 68 injured. Also on Lake Constance the earth had shaken this year.
Parliament: New fuel in Ukraine affair
Two explosive documents create new fuel in the Ukraine affair over possible abuse of power by US President Donald Trump. On the way to possible impeachment proceedings, the US Democrats are encouraged: The complaint made by an anonymous executioner about Trump and his controversial phone call with the Ukrainian President contains important indications for investigations against the President. Trump himself once again sees himself as the victim of a "witch hunt." He also doubted the credibility of the whistleblower.
USA: United Airlines passenger locked in toilet - plane diverted
Because a passenger was locked in the board toilet, a United Airlines flight was diverted. The toilet door was blocked during flight 1554 from Washington to San Francisco, according to the US media.
During an unscheduled stopover in Denver on Wednesday evening (local time), the woman was finally freed from the tight cabin. She was locked in it for about an hour, US media wrote, citing other passengers. To continue in the direction of San Francisco, passengers had to change machines.
In a video circulated on the Internet, which US media say is from Flight 1554, it can be seen how several people try to free the woman. "We're working on opening the door right now, ma'am. We'll get you out soon, okay? "says a man in it. The airline apologised to all passengers. It was initially open whether the woman received compensation.
The cockroach: Inspired by Kafka: Ian McEwan writes Brexit novel
How does a writer like Ian McEwan deal with all the Brexit chaos? He writes a book about it - and his protagonist is unmistakable.
Inspired by Franz Kafka's famous story "The Transformation," British success writer Ian McEwan (71) has written a book about Brexit chaos in the UK.
The novel "Die Kakerlake" (original: "The Cockroach") will be published in German on 27 November, the Diogenes Verlag (Zurich) reported. It deals with the transformation of a man named "Jim Sam," who was ignored or hated in his former life but is now suddenly Britain's most powerful man. He sees it as his mission to put the will of the people into practice and is wildly determined to let nothing and nobody stop him.
McEwan was quoted as saying: "If parliament is closed, so that the government cannot be challenged at a critical moment, if ministers are shamelessly lying like the Soviet leaders once, if Brexiteers in high positions are almost begging the disaster of a no-deal - then a writer has to ask himself what he can do. There is only one answer: write. " By McEwan, the novel "Machines Like Me" on Artificial Intelligence had only been published in the spring.
Kafka's story, first published in 1915, is about Gregor Samsa, who wakes up one morning and sees himself "transformed into a tremendous vermin," is gradually excluded from family and society and eventually perishes. "Ian McEwan bows in front of Kafka to describe a world that stands head to head," said Diogenes Verlag.
EU invests 9.5 million euros in Austria's rail infrastructure
11,200 wagons in Austria and Hungary receive whisper brakes to reduce noise pollution from freight trains. In addition, sections of the railway links between Graz and Györ and Wiener Neustadt and Sopron are being modernized and electrified.
According to the EU authority, this should make travel more comfortable and reduce CO2-Ausstoß. The funds come from the EU infrastructure pot "Connecting Europe Facility."
Thomas Cook: All trips cancelled until 31 October
The German tour operator Thomas Cook cancelled all trips up to and including 31 October 2019 one day after filing for bankruptcy. The company announced on Thursday evening that "travel could not be undertaken for insolvency reasons."
This also affects bookings by the brands Thomas Cook Signature, Thomas Cook Signature Finest Selection, Neckermann Reisen, ÖGER TOURS, Bucher Reisen and Air Marin, which are already paid or paid in full. As it stands for travel with start from 1 November 2019, the company left open. In coordination with insolvency insurance, the further procedure was examined, it said.
Thomas Cook in Germany was in the throes of the collapse of the British parent company and filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday. The company, which includes Neckermann Reisen, Öger Tours and Bucher Reisen, employs about 2000 people in Germany.
Insurer wants to transfer money back to hotels from now on
On the other hand, as of this Friday, hotels abroad that currently house Thomas Cook holidaymakers will receive money from Zurich Insurance. According to Zurich, the payments to the hotels are conditional on holidaymakers no longer being asked to make extra payments.
Based on the booking information and without submitting separate invoices, the hotels in the resorts should now receive 50 percent of the outstanding payments, as a Zurich spokesperson for the German Press Agency said. "This applies immediately and provided that Thomas Cook travellers are not prompted or otherwise obliged by these hotels to pay individual hotel invoices," said Bernd Engelien.
The insurance company thus responded to reports from hotel guests, who according to their own information had been forced to pay for their accommodation on site. Some had to put more than 1000 euros on the table. The German Travel Association (DRV) and the Federal Association of Consumer Centres had strongly criticised this.
How many hotels are affected will be coordinated with the insolvent travel provider on Friday, said the insurance spokesman. According to data from Thursday, 70 000 Thomas Cook package holidaymakers were still travelling from Germany. Zurich Germany has secured the holiday and return trip of Thomas Cook customers.
Insolvency managers want to try to continue the three Thomas Cook companies in Germany and find a future solution.
However, the now announced payments to hotels by Zurich Insurance only help travellers who are still on the road. For Thomas Cook customers who still want to go on holiday, things look bad. Late Thursday evening, the company announced that all trips up to and including October 31 would be cancelled. This also applies to bookings that are already paid.
As it stands for travel with start from 1 November 2019, the company left open. In coordination with insolvency insurance, the further procedure was examined, it said. In principle, Zurich insurance is also responsible for these cases. Sales of new trips have stopped. DPA
The company refers to the insurer Zurich, which can be represented by the company Kaera. Customers could find out about the possibilities of reimbursement of the travel price on the Kaera website and assert their claims via a web form.
Prince Harry destroys explosive mine in Angola
For a long time, Prince Harry has continued Lady Diana's commitment. In Africa he now walks directly in the footsteps of his mother.
Wearing a blue protective vest, British Prince Harry set fire to an explosive mine in Angola and destroyed it.
Near a camp of the British Halo Trust near the town of Dirico, he produced the ignition circuit in front of running TV cameras on Friday morning. At a safe distance, the explosive device exploded in the savannah landscape without causing any damage. Although the Halo Trust alone has destroyed more than 100,000 relics of decades of bloody conflict in the African country, there are still more than 1,000 minefields that threaten the population.
On the fifth day of his African trip, Harry wanted to walk directly in the town of Huambo in the footsteps of his mother Diana (1961-1997). With the same detonator who once accompanied his mother, he wanted to go the way she was going. The pictures of Princess Diana walking through a cleared minefield in 1997 had gone around the world. She too had demonstrated support for the Halo Trust.
Harry (35) and his wife Meghan (38) have been on a ten-day trip to Africa since Monday, which began in the South African tourist metropolis of Cape Town.
Stocky Brexit negotiations: The danger of no-deal remains acute
In fact, Prime Minister Boris Johnson had clearly agreed: with him there will be no third postponement of the Brexit negotiations guaranteed. But what statements have lasted forever with the polarizing British. The latest Supreme Court verdict in Britain hovers like a Damocles sword over the blond head. His suspension of Parliament in order to stubbornly pursue its Brexit course until the exit date was cancelled earlier this week. And a law passed by Parliament requires Johnson to extend bilateral talks until 31 October in the event of failed negotiations with the EU. However, Johnson had categorically ruled that out again and again.
Boris Johnson thinks deal is still possible
But the pressure does not seem to pass Johnson noticeably either. Meanwhile, while visiting a hospital, he made suggestions that he would support an extension of the negotiations in the event of a non-agreement until the end of October:
You know, we're gonna follow the law.
At the same time, however, we are confident that we will leave the EU on 31 October.
And best of all with a deal. I'm cautiously optimistic that this will work.
And time is gradually running out of Brexit negotiators in Brussels. The EU and British negotiators have about six weeks left to prevent Britain from leaving the European Union without an agreement. But the recent talks have again failed to make a breakthrough. An agreement by the end of October seems rather difficult to imagine. If the British Prime Minister does not break the law, a new postponement of the exit date will be in force. But the opposition does not trust the Prime Minister's words. She fears that Johnson could somehow impose Brexit in the event of a no-deal.
US Authority: Further deaths from e-cigarettes
The number of deaths associated with the use of e-cigarettes in the US has risen to twelve. In addition, there are now 805 confirmed and probable injuries in this context, the US health authority CDC reported. According to a study in the "New England Journal of Medicine," there were already more than 900 people affected, around 500 of them confirmed. The cause of the lung damage is still completely unclear. No similar increase in lung damage is known in Europe so far. The complaints appear to be limited to users in the US.
Fear of new protests in Egypt is growing
Millions of times Mohammed Ali's videos have been shared in online networks. The Spanish builder and actor calls for a "people's revolution." For this Friday, he has called for further protests against President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi and the Egyptian military, which critics accuse of corruption and mismanagement. Ali hopes for mass rallies with one million participants in central places in the country.
The security agencies are alarmed. An increased police presence has already been observed in central Kairo. Several metro stations remained closed, roads around central Tahrir Square were closed. In recent days, the police had already stepped up their street controls and searched pedestrian mobile phones in part for messages and photos related to the protests.
On September 20, the demonstrators also gathered around Tahrir Square.
Last weekend there were protests in Cairo, Alexandria, Suez and Mansura with hundreds of participants. There had been no such open protest in Egypt for years. The security forces responded accordingly. According to Human Rights Watch (HRW), nearly 2000 people have been arrested since last week. Many of them had been arbitrarily arrested - only because they were "in the wrong place at the wrong time," HRW reported, citing lawyers arrested.
The organization also criticized censorship in the North African country. The government in Cairo is blocking websites and online services to prevent further protests against al-Sisi. The general has ruled the country since 2013 after overthrowing democratically elected Islamist President Mohammed Mursi. Thousands of Islamists, opponents of the government, bloggers and activists have been imprisoned and partially condemned in recent years.
"Ocean Change": Arved fox from Greenland expedition back
Polar explorer Arved Fuchs returned from his Greenland expedition on Friday. On his arrival in the port of Hamburg, he was greeted by the skipper Boris Herrmann, who had brought climate activist Greta Thunberg across the Atlantic with the racing yacht "Malizia."
With a team of scientists, Fuchs had investigated and documented the effects of global warming on its sailing ship "Dagmar Aaen" on the coasts of Iceland and Greenland in recent months.
The Fridays for Future movement is a blessing, said the polar researcher. He waited years for the young generation to speak. It has been known for decades that the earth is warming up. Nevertheless, many acted as if there were a planet B.
"What happens on the sea often takes place to the exclusion of the public," Fuchs said. He and his team wanted to inform people about the effects of global warming and the pollution of the seas. Among other things, the expedition measured Greenland glacier ice with a drone and fished with microplastic nets, they said.
The polar researcher from Bad Bramstedt was awarded the "Seadevcon Maritime Award" as part of the Hamburg Climate Week for his "fight for a sustainable and respectful use of the world's oceans." "For all of us who care about the survival of the oceans, Arved Fuchs is a great role model," said skipper Boris Herrmann at the award ceremony. "He is a witness to the changes that have taken place in the Arctic in recent decades."
Expensive spaghetti in Rome: tourists paid 430 euros for pasta
430 euros for two plates of spaghetti with fish in a simple restaurant near the Engelsburg in Rome: two Japanese tourists seemed too much. The invoice with 80 euro tip included was paid by the two women, but they posted the receipt on Facebook, which triggered heated reactions.
"Such cases harm Rome's reputation. We urge the police to investigate whether this is a fraud, "a spokesman for Federagit, the Association of Travel Guides in Rome, called for, according to the Roman daily Il Messaggero (Friday edition).
Prompt came the reaction of the owners of the restaurant. The Japanese women had ordered not only spaghetti, but also fresh fish, the local owner justified. However, this cannot be deduced from the invoice. A tip of up to 20 percent of the bill is also normal, the innkeeper said.
A call in Ukraine, and everything is broken? President Donald Trump may indeed face impeachment proceedings after the turbulent revelations of the past few days, and Democrats now want to examine this with their House of Representatives investigation as soon as possible - there are weeks before a decision would be made.
At the beginning of the scandal, the phone call with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Selenskyy is supposed. The accusation of the whistleblower, who ultimately brought the conversation to the public out of concern for national security and democracy of the USA with his complaint, is monstrous: the President has abused the power of his office to instrumentalize the government of another country to influence the 2020 election. He had blackmailed Ukraine's dependence and wanted to force it to take action against a political opponent.
The essence of this project can also be traced in the now published copy of the conversation with Selenskyj, although it does not reflect the full text. But the July 25 phone call is just one episode of a much larger story, centered on Trump and his personal lawyer, Rudy Giuliani.
The story begins from a public perspective in May 2019, when Rudy Giuliani's New York Times reports on travel plans to Ukraine. He wants to meet with President-elect Selenskyj in Kiev, and the lawyer himself knows very well that his intentions are delicate. "We don't interfere in an election, we interfere in an investigation into what we have the right to do," he tells the newspaper. You might think it's inappropriate, but "there's nothing illegal about it." Giuliani wants investigations to be pursued in Ukraine, for which there is hardly any basis - "because this information will be very, very helpful for my client and could prove to be helpful for my government."
The lawyer and former New York mayor seems to have infected themselves with right-wing conspiracy fantasies fixed on Trump's opponent in the 2016 election: Hillary Clinton had conspired with actors in Ukraine, critics said at the time, to construct an occasion for the Russia investigation in the US. However, this accusation was never to be taken seriously.
This is precisely what Trump will talk about on the phone with Selenskyj in July. Giuliani and the President's version reads: Former Vice President and currently promising candidate for the Democratic presidential nomination, Joe Biden, pressed for the dismissal of then Ukrainian Attorney General Wiktor Schokin as the Obama administration's Ukraine representative. In order to stop the investigation of the gas company on whose supervisory board his son Hunter Biden was active. Biden senior has blackmailed Ukraine financially to cover up his family's corrupt machinations.
In fact, the process was slightly different. When Joe Biden demanded that the Ukrainian Prosecutor General leave, the investigation of the gas company had already been completed, Hunter Biden was never directly affected. Chokin was also himself accused of profoundly corrupt conduct, and the US government was by far not the only Western partner to press for his dismissal. Moreover, the Obama administration even explicitly supported the investigation of the company.
Disruptions to Instagram Facebook and Whatsapp: Social media is down
Users worldwide report massive disruptions to Instagram and Facebook. Germany, Great Britain and Spain are affected in particular. On the allestörungen.de website, users report that Facebook has not loaded since about 15.30 a.m. Instagram also issues the error message that content could not be loaded. Whatsapp also seems to be affected by the disorder, although not to the same extent.
Instagram and Co. more often affected by disruptions
It's not the first massive incident this year. Already in March and July the services had failed for several hours. And as in the previous cases, users also use Twitter this time especially to blow their anger.
Polish scientists rescued in Antarctica
Three Polish scientists have been rescued from Antarctic ice by the Chilean Air Force. They were on a dinghy and several miles from their base when their engine failed. They were lucky in the bad luck - less than an hour the Chilean rescue helicopter needed for the rescue.
Eduardo Mosquera, commander of the 4th Chilean Air Brigade:
"At 9:30 a.m. we received the news, at about ten before we started, and a good 20 minutes later we were over the dinghy."
Poland has operated the Henryk Arctowski Polish Antarctic Station on King George Island since 1977, and 19 scientists work there. The frozen researchers were safely returned to their research station.
Attention: NEVER wireless charging smartphone
Practical but harmful
Inductive technology via Qi standard is extremely practical, but should not be used.
Since several new smartphones have recently come to the market, which support wireless charging and sell very well - especially the new iPhone-11-Modelle, we would like to recall a study from the beginning of July. Wireless charging of mobile devices is extremely practical, but not necessarily recommended.
Higher temperature adds battery
Researchers warn against wireless charging of smartphones. According to the findings of the Univerity of Warwick, this is extremely harmful for the devices. The reason for this is the significantly greater heat development. If you charge a mobile phone normally by cable, the battery heats up to 27 degrees within three hours. On the other hand, even with the perfect alignment of the smartphone on the charging pad, the researchers always measured more than 30 degrees during wireless charging. If the cell phone is somewhat next to the coil, the temperature rises even higher. In addition, the wadding strength of the charging pad also increases, which in turn increases the power consumption.
Capacity and lifetime
According to the researchers, the temperature for the durability of batteries is a decisive factor. Every single degree plays a role. When charging at higher temperatures, the battery not only penalizes capacity, but also does not last that long overall. The service life is therefore smaller. The researchers therefore advise that the smartphone is always charged by cable. Since a battery exchange in modern smartphones is always associated with high costs, this should be a helpful tip. Apple has recently increased the cost of battery replacement once more - for all iPhones.
Practically
The technology is extremely convenient: simply place the device on a corresponding charging pad - these are now already installed in many restaurants, airports, hotels and cars - and the battery is charged without annoying cable salad and laborious plug fumigation. Since Qi (which stands for inductive power transmission) is a worldwide standard, with which even Apple participates exceptionally, there are hardly any restrictions. Nevertheless, according to the researchers, the technology should only be used in exceptional cases.
Everest Traffic Jam Photographer: 13 Eight Thousand in Six Months
According to a Nepalese climber, within only six months he climbed 13 of the 14 highest mountains in the world. Nirmal Purja (36) reached the top of the Manaslu in Nepal, setting a record, his expedition organizer reported.
The former soldier wants to climb all 14 eight thousand people in seven months. Purja calls his project "Mission Possible." He has made international headlines: From him comes a photo of mountaineers standing on Mount Everest snake that went viral in spring.
The picture of the mass invasion triggered a debate about stronger security measures on the 8848 metre high mountain and highest peak on earth. In May, eleven climbers had died during the climb within a few days.
A problem for Purja could be the ascent of the 14th eight-thousand-pound: Chinese authorities are currently blocking Xixabangma Mountain in Tibet. One reason for this is bad weather. Earlier in the week, Purja wrote on Twitter that Nepal's government wanted to talk to China to help him rise.
Four dead elephants discovered in Sri Lanka
Among the dead animals is also a pregnant elephant cow, a police spokesman announced on Friday. "We suspect that the elephant was poisoned."
The four cadavers were found in a protected area near the famous Sigiriya rock fortress visited by many tourists. According to the police, the animals were probably between 15 and 25 years old. An autopsy was ordered to determine the cause of death.
In Sri Lanka, almost 200 elephants are killed every year. The perpetrators are often farmers on whose land the animals had previously kept harmless. At the same time, around 50 people are killed by elephants every year. This usually happens when the animals move through villages built close to their habitat.
Sri Lanka is estimated to have only about 7,000 elephants left. Their killing is theoretically punishable by death.
Detained British oil tanker leaves Iran
The British oil tanker "Stena Impero" leaves the port city of Bandar Abbas more than two months after its landing by Iran. According to the IRNA news agency, Bandar Abbas has announced this. On 19 July, the Iranian Revolutionary Guards charged the British-flagged tanker with failing to comply with the law of the sea in the Persian Gulf.
Management of Thomas Cook in criticism
The responsible Economic Committee of the House of Commons intends to fully investigate the bankruptcy of the travel giant Thomas Cook. The aim is to address the Board's pay packages as well as the question of why the British Government could not financially support the company struggling to survive. "We are interested in the supervision of the company as well as the supervision of external auditors," said committee chairman Rachel Reeves in London. "Apparently we are dealing with a bad example of management greed."
According to experts, genes are overestimated at risk of colon cancer
The role of genes in the familially increased risk of colon cancer has apparently been overestimated so far. Researchers from the German Cancer Research Centre (DKFZ) Heidelberg come to this conclusion in a recent study. Other risk factors, such as family eating habits, are therefore likely to weigh more heavily than previously thought. This has consequences for calculations of the individual risk of colon cancer, emphasize the DKFZ scientists.
Elon Musk lets Tesla shares rise
Musk wrote this in an email to Tesla employees published by the Electrek industry blog on Thursday (local time). The demand was strong, so Tesla could register 110 '000 orders, it continued in Musk's newsletter.
The challenge was to get the cars to the customers quickly. Tesla had to offer as many resources as possible at the end of the quarter.
Investors liked the information: Tesla's shares were out of trading with an increase of over six percent. The price has not increased that much in almost four months. In the second quarter Tesla had delivered well over 95 '000 cars and thus reached its previous best.
Musk needs records to achieve his high goals. 2019 he wants to deliver a total of 360 '000 to 400' 000 cars. For this purpose, six-digit figures must be obtained in the current and coming quarter. Especially the cheapest Tesla Model 3 is in demand, but here the profit margins are low. Despite the boom, there were recent losses.
Does British government want to bypass Brexit law? Johnson restrained
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson is covering himself over whether he is looking for ways to circumvent the law last adopted by Parliament against an unregulated Brexit. In response to a question, he merely told journalists on Friday that his government would abide by applicable law.
The law stipulates that the government must request a postponement of the exit date if no agreement with the EU is reached by mid-October. Johnson criticises this as a "capitulation law" which makes negotiations with the EU more difficult.
Former British Prime Minister John Major on Thursday suggested that Johnson could try to use "political harassment" to circumvent the law. Johnson could use a procedural knack that would postpone the entry into force of the law until after the EU's withdrawal.
Johnson said he was seeking a treaty with the European Union. "We are confident of leaving the EU on 31 October, and the best way forward is with an agreement."
Iran appears to be driving up uranium enrichment
Iran's President Hassan Rohani has increased pressure on European contractors in a dispute over the salvation of the historic nuclear agreement. "Unfortunately, the European states show incompetence or lack of readiness when it comes to concrete actions," Rohani said at a press conference on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly in New York on Thursday. In the event that they were not in line with their promises, he envisaged "further steps" away from the agreements of the laboriously negotiated agreement of 2015.
The background is the conflict over the international agreement to prevent an Iranian nuclear bomb, which in return contained a commitment to Tehran to normalize economic relations. The US pulled out of the agreement alone in 2018 to force Iran, with "maximum pressure," to change course in Middle East policy, considered aggressive. President Donald Trump's administration wants to negotiate a new agreement with tougher constraints and is now resuming tough sanctions against Tehran. Iran responded most recently by rebounding the uranium enrichment limit of the Treaty.
The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) confirmed in a report that the Islamic Republic is now using or at least preparing to use the centrifuges installed in early September with uranium. According to IAEA data, Iran is also preparing to build more than 300 more centrifuges.
Perhaps Europeans are unwilling to bear their share of the deal, leaving Iranians alone with the costs and burden of pressing US sanctions, Rohani suspected. But there will still be further talks, which I hope will bring a solution.
Rohani continues to deny Iran's involvement in attacks in Saudi Arabia
However, after an attack on an important oil plant in Saudi Arabia, the mixture changed in mid-September: Germany, France and Britain followed the US assessment on Monday that Tehran was responsible for the attack. Originally, the Iranian-backed Huthi rebels in Yemen had become aware of the attack, but this was considered a false commitment by the US. "We have nothing to do with it," Rohani reiterated his position on Wednesday.
"Those who make such accusations must present evidence," Rohani said. However, the European leaders would not have been able to do so in the talks with him during the UN general debate. Instead, they would have relied only on the fact that the rebels in Yemen could not carry out an attack like this. Rohani had met with Chancellor Angela Merkel, French President Emmanuel Macron and British Prime Minister Boris Johnson in recent days.
Before possible talks with US President Trump, the US administration's far-reaching sanctions would first have to be lifted, Rohani demanded. He urged the Washington administration to shift to a policy of "dialogue and reason."
Comet crossed by other star solar system
Astronomers are currently observing a comet from the depths of space. This was achieved before. The comet allows conclusions to be drawn about other solar systems.
What was initially only a guess is now confirmed: an interstellar guest crosses through our solar system. The comet from the depths of space was christened after its discoverer on 2I/Borisov and aroused the interest of astronomers all over the world.
The widespread comet was discovered on August 30 by amateur astronomer Gennadi Borisov at the Margo Observatory in Crimea - with a self-built telescope 65 centimeters in diameter. Follow-up observations by various observatories not only confirmed that this is an unknown comet, but also showed that it is not from our solar system.
After 1I/' Oumuamua from 2017, 2I/Borisov is only the second interstellar object that was sighted during a flight through our solar system.
2I/Borisov offers astronomers the rare chance to get close insights into a foreign solar system before it disappears on never-to-see. Initial observations show that the interstellar comet resembles that of our own system, as reported by the Astrophysical Institute of the Canaries. "The current velocity of the comet is high, about 150,000 kilometers per hour, which at this distance is well above the typical velocities of objects orbiting the Sun," reported Davide Farnocchia of Nasa's US space agency in a note.
According to the analyses, the comet is travelling on a so-called hyperbolic trajectory that takes it out of our system - and clearly of interstellar origin, as reported by the International Astronomical Union (IAU). It is also responsible for naming and categorizing celestial bodies. In honour of its discoverer, the interstellar tail star, which had initially been listed under the catalogue number C/2019 Q4, was 2I/Borisov by it the designation, with the first part of the name indicating that it is the second interstellar object discovered in our solar system.
The astronomers are lucky: unlike 1I/' Oumuamua, 2I/Borisov has already been spotted on approach. This leaves researchers with many months to investigate. "The object will reach the greatest brightness in mid-December and can then be seen with medium-sized telescopes until April 2020," Farnocchia explained. "After that, it will only be observed with larger, professional telescopes by October 2020."
Several observatories have already targeted the visitor. Thus, a team led by Karen Meech of the University of Hawaii, who had already led the characterization of 1I/' Oumuamua, determined the diameter of the sky object at 2 to 16 kilometers in an initial study. Pictures from the Gemini Observatory in Hawaii show a clear tail of the comet.
Researchers at the Astrophysical Institute of the Canaries (IAC) have already acquired a first so-called spectrum of the interstellar tail star, which offers a kind of fingerprint of its chemical composition. "The spectrum of this object is similar to that of comets of our solar system, and this indicates that its composition must be similar," reported IAC researcher Julia de León. This observation suggests that comets in other solar systems could form through processes similar to those in our, added de León's colleague Javier Licandro.
The discovery of two interstellar visitors within only two years suggests, according to the IAU, that these objects could open up a new way to explore certain processes in other solar systems. However, it is still difficult to estimate how often such pen visits are. One of the next interstellar visitors could possibly intercept a planned satellite mission of the European space agency Esa.
The agency wants to station till 2028 on a waiting position in 1.5 million kilometres of distance of the earth the three-part space probe "Comet Interceptor" (in German possibly comet interceptor). According to Esa Science Director Günther Hasinger, it should either linger on a still untouched, fresh comet from our own solar system, or on an interstellar visitor like 1I/' Oumuamua.
First landing at Beijing's new mega-airport Daxing
Just in time for the 70th birthday of the People's Republic: At the new mega-airport in the south of the Chinese capital, a first passenger plane of China United Airlines has landed, a special honor for captain and crew.
By 2022, around 45 million passengers will be handled annually at the new airport, and by 2025, 72 million will be handled. China's President Xi Jinping personally announced the opening of the 450 billion-dollar project. China's most recent prestigious project is also called "starfish" because of its six-armed building structure.
The complex has four runways to be extended to seven later and is equipped with the world's largest automatic air traffic management system. A new subway will transport passengers to downtown Beijing in just 20 minutes.
During the construction, the Chinese had already made it known several times that Berlin could learn from Beijing. The opening of the - and much smaller - capital airport in Germany, which has been under construction since 2006, has been postponed so far. In Beijing, on the other hand, a first passenger machine landed already after four years.
New supersonic aircraft to fly in 2030: in four and a half hours from London to Sydney
From London to Sydney in just four and a half hours - this is what the UK Space Agency dreams of. CNN quoted the agency as saying that this supersonic flight, which was planned for the 2030s, would be made possible by a special propulsion system (Synergetic Air-Breathing Rocket Engine, Sabre) developed by Reaction Engines from Oxfordshire. "This is the technology that could definitely do this," Agent Chief Executive Graham Turnock told the station. "We are talking about the 2030s for commissioning, and the work is already very advanced."
In order to advance the project, the British space agency wants to work more closely with the Australian. A flight from the British capital to the Australian metropolis currently takes about 20 hours. The Concorde was the only supersonic aircraft for passenger transport to date, covering the New York-Paris route from 1976 until it ceased operations in 2003, taking three to three and a half hours to complete. In 2000, an accident occurred at the start of a Concorde at Charles de Gaulle Airport in Paris, killing all 109 inmates. Last year, US aircraft manufacturer Lockheed Martin announced plans to develop a supersonic aircraft, the "X-Plane," together with the US space agency Nasa. Virgin Galactic also has such developments in the program.
"Sabre will make the world smaller with its high-speed point-to-point transport," Reaction Engines writes on its website. The Sabre drive could be used for efficient travel at a speed of Mach 5 - that means five times as fast as the sound. In addition, such aircraft could also be used outside the Earth's atmosphere, enabling the "next generation of truly reusable frame vehicles."
Riot in Washington: Trump wants to track down anonymous tipplers in Ukraine affair
In the Ukraine affair over possible abuse of power by the US President, Donald Trump wants to track down possible leaks in the White House.
"I want to know who gave the whistleblower the information," Trump said Thursday to U.S. Embassy staff at the United Nations in New York. The person concerned was almost "a spy" and in the past they had dealt with them "a little differently" than today.
This was considered an intimidation attempt against tippers. The event was not actually public. However, several US media outlets distributed audio recordings of the speech on Friday. Democrats reacted indignantly to the President's statement.
Democrats in the U.S. House of Representatives announced Tuesday preparations for impeachment proceedings against Trump. Their accusations are mainly based on the written complaint of an anonymous intelligence worker who makes serious accusations against Trump and his government headquarters. Following great public pressure, the statements of the executioner were published on Thursday.
As part of his work, the whistleblower wants information from several government employees that the US President is "using the power of his office" to get another country to interfere in his favor in the US 2020 election.
At the heart of the allegations is a controversial phone call between Trump and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Selenskyj in late July, in which Trump encouraged his counterpart to investigate that could harm his political rival Joe Biden. This concerns former business of Biden's son Hunter in Ukraine and alleged efforts to protect his offspring from Ukrainian justice. Biden is ahead in the race for the Democratic presidential nomination for the 2020 election.
With regard to the Ukraine phone call, the whistleblower also accused the White House of covering up: leading government officials had tried to keep the exact wording of the conversation under the ceiling. As usual, an electronic text protocol had been drawn up. After the interview, however, at the direction of lawyers from the White House, this was removed from an ordinary database and instead stored in a particularly protected system. So far, only a rough conversation protocol has been published.
The identity of the whistleblower is not publicly known. The "New York Times" reported that it was to be an employee of the CIA's foreign intelligence agency.
Trump on Friday again questioned the source's credibility. In a series of tweets on the subject, the president wrote, among other things, that the "whistleblower" had disseminated second-hand information that had turned out to be incorrect. Therefore, there may be no tippers or spies at all.
But how Trump spoke in New York about those who were said to have leaked information to the whistleblower provoked outrage. US House of Representatives Chairman Nancy Pelosi reacted with concern, complaining that Trump's testimony once again undermined the integrity of the government.
Various investigations have been under way in the House of Representatives for months on various committees against Trump and his surroundings. In the face of Ukraine's accusations, Democrats are now advancing investigations with renewed vigour to launch a possible impeachment case against Trump.
"The whistleblower gave us a roadmap for our investigation," said Adam Schiff, head of the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee. Trump sharply attacked Schiff, accusing him of misrepresenting things and again calling for the committee chairman to resign. Trump regularly reprimands Schiff and demanded his withdrawal months ago.
In a statement released Friday, more than 300 former U.S. security and foreign policy officials, most of whom worked under Democratic and Republican presidents, backed the Democratic investigation into possible impeachment proceedings. If the accusations were to come true, it would be "an unscrupulous abuse of power" by Trump, it said.
There is no precise timetable for further proceedings. With their majority in the House of Representatives, the Democrats could try an impeachment process. But the decision on an actual removal from office fell in the Senate, where Trump's Republicans have a majority. The prospects for success of such a procedure are therefore low. So far, no US president has been removed from office through impeachment proceedings.
VW Works Council: "creeping" job losses
The VW brand's plans to further reduce costs in production could be at the expense of manufacturing in Germany and Europe. This concern drives the works council of the automobile manufacturer around. The brand aims to reduce its annual factory costs of ten billion euros by two billion euros by 2023. Of this, 500 million euros will be saved this year.
One key to this is personnel costs. The "Future Pact" negotiated between the company and the works council in 2016 already foresees the reduction of 14,000 jobs in Germany alone by 2020. In principle, a workplace can only be dismantled by motorists if it is proven that the associated activities are no longer necessary. In addition, employment security will apply until 2029.
As our newspaper has now learned from works council circles, however, jobs in production that are not actually a matter of disposition are "gradually" dismantled via another route - that is, past the official course. Thus, regular vacancies that become vacant would often not be filled again.
In these cases, the works council had no possibility of forcing the re-occupation. In the meantime, many people are missing, the work compression is increasing, the worries about a gradual bleeding of the vehicle works would become greater. This also raises the fear that vehicle production could gradually be withdrawn from Germany and Europe because it is cheaper in other parts of the world. VW said: "As agreed, the employment volume is adjusted along the demographic curve in a socially acceptable manner."
The VW brand wants to standardize production even more worldwide and centrally manage new projects. This will also reduce costs and accelerate decisions - behind it is the aim to increase productivity and thus competitiveness. Production executive Andreas Tostmann said at a manager conference in Berlin: "Especially in uncertain times from Brexit to the impending trade war between the USA and China, we are well advised to make ourselves crisis-proof."
There have already been successes on this path: for example, this year, production costs per vehicle would fall for the first time since 2013 compared to the previous year. In front of journalists, Tostmann said that the production time for Golf 8, which will be presented in Wolfsburg on 24 October, will be reduced by 1.1 hours. According to information from our newspaper, VW does not give exact figures on the production duration 7 is round
20 hours.
In our region, the parent plant Wolfsburg is the only VW factory in which vehicles are produced. The Braunschweig and Salzgitter plants manufacture components. For Wolfsburg, VW-internally applies the rule of thumb that 800,000 cars must be built there annually so that the plant is satisfactorily profitable. In 2018, however, utilization in Wolfsburg amounted to only about 700,000 vehicles - due to the decreasing diesel demand and the problems in switching to the new WLTP fuel consumption and exhaust test method.
However, as Tostmann, the production board, announced last year, a million cars are expected to roll off the belt in Wolfsburg. This is intended to make it possible to bundle golf production in the main plant - because the Zwickau plant delivers golf production by upgrading it to the location for e-car production.
The SUV Tiguan and Tarraco (Seat) are also produced in Wolfsburg. However, Gulf and Tiguan sales have recently declined. For this reason, expectations are now resting on the Golf 8. Despite all efforts to build e-mobility, the Wolfsburg bread-and-butter car should remain for the time being.
Forced into prostitution with Voodoo: Human traffickers convicted
Young women from Nigeria have been sworn in, sent to the Ruhr region and forced into prostitution. Six suspected traffickers have to go to jail.
Six suspected traffickers from Nigeria were sentenced on Friday in Bochum to probation and imprisonment of up to eight years and three months. The defendants had sent young women from Nigeria to the Ruhr area and forced them into prostitution. In order to force their obedience, the Nigerian women who were willing to leave had to make a ritual oath before a voodoo priest.
The victims were between 17 and 22 years old. They were brought across the Mediterranean with the help of Libyan smugglers in inflatables. But the dream of a better future was not fulfilled. When they arrived in Germany, they were distributed among various brothels to handle the alleged smuggling costs of an average of 25 000 euros. The reward was therefore completely taken away from them.
The defendants - four men and two women - admitted the slaughter and subsequent distribution of the young Nigerian women to brothels in the trial. "The work made it physically and psychologically difficult for women to do," said Judge Isabel Hoffmann at the verdict. "Some were really disgusted."
The judgments refer to the commercial and gang-based introduction of foreigners, trafficking in human beings, pimping and severe forced prostitution.
UFO calls for negotiations with Lufthansa
FIM's permanent dispute with the Lufthansa Group has again threatened the UFO cabin crew union with strikes.
If the company does not return to the negotiating table, the union will "on October 14th inform about the labor struggle measures in the LH Group," UFO Chief Executive Officer Daniel Flohr announced on Friday. Lufthansa and her daughter Eurowings have been refusing to engage in collective bargaining with the UFO for months. The question is also whether the union has legally terminated collective agreements with Lufthansa.
On this point, Ufo now sees itself strengthened following a decision by the Frankfurt Labour Court. Lufthansa wanted to say that the collective agreements were not terminated. The court dismissed the claims. The company confirmed the decision and examined to appeal against it. "That a second court sees the matter completely differently, I think is unlikely," said UFO Board member Flohr.
In August, Lufthansa also filed an application with the National Labour Court in Frankfurt to have the UFO's status as a union reviewed by court. The company argues that the union has not set up a representative board for months and is thus unable to fill its role as a collective bargaining partner.
This was preceded by a violent leadership dispute in the savings union, during which many members of the Board of Management and the Advisory Board resigned, including the longtime trade union leader Nicoley Baublies. The UFO suspended an initial vote on Eurowings cabin crew strikes at the end of July because of doubts about its leadership.
Facilitated entry: Saudi Arabia announces new visa system
Until now, Saudi Arabia was not exactly known as an international tourist magnet. But that should change now. The Persian Gulf country wants to introduce new visa rules.
With a new visa system, Saudi Arabia intends to attract more international tourists in the future. By 2030, the Tourism Commission announced that it would increase the number of international and domestic visitors to 100 million per year.
"Saudi Arabia's opening to international tourists is a historic moment for our country," said Ahmad Al-Chatib, Chairman of the Tourism Commission.
Saudi Arabia has so far been difficult for tourists to access. Visas are usually given only for short business trips, religious pilgrimages or visitors with relatives in the desert state. With the new rules, the arch-conserved kingdom is hoping for more revenue from the tourism business. According to Riyadh, it wants to reduce its dependence on oil trading.
At the middle of September several rockets and drones to two derwichtigsten oil arrangements had hit in the east of Saudi Arabia: größteÖlraffinerie of the country in Abkaik as well as the oil field Chur A sharp. As a result, national oil production collapsed dramatically, with oil price shocks rising. It should be several weeks before the kingdom's oil production reaches its old level.
Justin and Hailey Bieber are in preparations for wedding party
Singer Justin Bieber (25) and his wife Hailey (22) prepare for their wedding party. The model posted several party photos on Thursday (local time) in her Instagram Stories, where she can be seen in the white wedding look. Reality star Kendall Jenner (23) and others had organized a bachelor party in Los Angeles, according to People magazine.
Justin posted several colorful, including banana-printed suits on Instagram and asked his followers: "Help me choose my smoking for the wedding." According to media reports, the celebrity couple wants to marry the church next weekend.
A year ago, the Biebers said yes in a New York registry office. There was no greater feast at that time.
In a recent interview with Australian Vogue, Hailey explained that after initial problems, the two found a common level: "If you don't want to compromise, you can't have a relationship."
Two deaths from plane crash in Czech Republic
Two people have died in the crash of a small aircraft in the Western Czech Republic. The wreck was discovered on Friday in a wooded area near the city of Mecin (Metshin), the police reported. The dead were a 38-year-old woman and a 64-year-old man.
The authorities had been searching for the machine since Thursday evening, after the crew had sent a GPS emergency signal. A military helicopter was also used in the search. The cause of the accident has yet to be determined. The crash site is located about 30 kilometers south of Pilsen (Plzen) and 100 kilometers northeast of Regensburg.
Half of European tree species are threatened with extinction
In addition to pests, diseases, non-resident species, unsustainable logging and the growth of cities are also causes of the threat, the World Conservation Union IUCN reported on Friday in Brussels. It has examined the stocks of all 454 species of trees known in Europe. 265 of them do not occur on any other continent. Of these 265, 58 percent are threatened. 66 are already at the highest level of endangerment and thus of extinction.
The IUCN divides endangered species into six categories: from "potentially endangered" to "endangered," "severely endangered," "endangered" and "extinct in nature" to "extinct." In total, it lists more than 28,000 animal and plant species as endangered worldwide.
Berry and wild horse chestnut threatened
In Germany, Ebereschen (Sorbus) in particular are threatened, one of the authors, David Allen, told the German Press Agency. "Most are threatened because populations are small anyway or because of the transformation or weakening of their habitats."
It also looks bad for the wild ordinary horse chestnuts. They have been considered "endangered" since 2017, stage two of the IUCN scale. Next to a mushroom, the biggest threat is the Balkan miner moth. Since the 1980s, it has spread from south-eastern Europe across the continent and has hardly any natural enemies. IUCN estimates the number of wild horse chestnuts (Aesculus hippocastanum) in Europe at less than 10,000 specimens. This assessment does not take into account the trees in cities, parks and avenues.
Shrub species and mosses also in danger
The IUCN scientists simultaneously created new European red lists for molluscs, shrubs and mosses. More than a fifth of molluscs and mosses and almost half of all shrub species are threatened, according to the IUCN. This is mainly due to the destruction of the wilderness, introduced species, agricultural practices and climate change. Molluscs such as snails played a key role in the recycling of nutrients in the soil and are an important food source for birds and other animals.
"This report shows that the situation is precarious for many overlooked and underestimated species, species that form the backbone of the European ecosystem and contribute to a healthy planet," said Luc Bas, IUCN Director of the European Bureau. "We must limit the impact of humans on our ecosystems and make the protection of these species a priority."
Earthquake off Istanbul: 34 injured reported
34 people have been injured in the latest earthquake in Turkey. There were no deaths, according to the data. Dozens of people had to leave their homes, 14 schools in Istanbul were closed for security reasons, Turkish Vice President Fuat Oktay said on Friday.
Hundreds of buildings were damaged. There have been almost 200 aftershocks since the previous day's quake. The 5.8 magnitude earthquake shook the Martian region off Istanbul on Thursday, causing panic in the metropolis of millions.
The government now intends to set up a commission to better prepare the country for earthquakes in the future, Octay announced. Over the past 20 years, Turkey has not been sufficiently prepared for quakes, said Istanbul Mayor Ekrem Imamoglu.
Istanbul is considered particularly vulnerable to earthquakes. Below the Marmara Sea lies a section of the so-called North Anatolian disturbance, which marks the border between the Eurasian and Anatolian earth plates.
One of the heaviest quakes was one of magnitude 7.6 in 1999 near Istanbul. The epicentre was located in Gölcük southeast Istanbul. More than 17,000 people died.
Already on Tuesday, a 4.6 magnitude quake had shaken the region around Istanbul. The authorities called on the inhabitants to stay away from damaged buildings.
Super Bowl 2020: Jennifer Lopez (JLo) and Shakira perform in halftime show
Latin pop singers Jennifer Lopez and Shakira will lead the halftime show of the next American football finals Super Bowl. The singers announced this on Twitter. "It doesn't get any bigger," Shakira wrote to a photo of himself and Lopez. She was so excited to be on the Super Bowl stage. It will be in Miami on February 2, 2020.
Jennifer Lopez explained that she had been dreaming of performing at the Super Bowl since 1996 - at that time she saw Diana Ross fly into the sky at the halftime show. "Now it's even more special because the NFL is 100 years old and I'm going to perform with another Latina." She couldn't wait to "show what we girls can do on the biggest stage in the world."
Shakira pointed out in a statement that she was honored to be on one of the world's largest stages alongside another artist, representing Latinos and Latinas from the US and around the world. "And then also on my birthday!" The main sponsor of the event wrote on Twitter that it was the first time that the two "queens" were on a stage together.
Shakira is from Colombia. Jennifer Lopez was born in New York and her parents come from Puerto Rico.
Fight against falling audience numbers
The Super Bowl is the highlight of the American football season. The game and halftime show are among the most watched TV broadcasts in the USA. Even though you have dropped audience numbers recently: This February, the spectacle attracted the fewest viewers in the US in more than ten years. Nevertheless, there were still almost a hundred million people on average.
The halftime show of the past Super Bowl had caused a stir in advance: In the dispute over the handling of quarterback Colin Kaepernick, according to media reports last February, top stars like Rihanna, Pink and Cardi B did not want to appear. Finally, the pop group Maroon 5 led the halftime show - the reviews were not very friendly.
Kaepernick, then the quarterback of the San Francisco 49ers, was on his knees during the season 2016/17 before NFL games at the national anthem in protest of police violence and racism. With his protest Kaepernick triggered a movement, numerous players took over the gesture. This caused great excitement, US President Donald Trump attacked the mostly African American football stars sharply. Kaepernick himself has been without a club since March 2017 and has not played an NFL match. He accuses the clubs of not wanting to hire him for political reasons.
Cook Bankruptcy: Hotels get money from insurance
According to a press report, some banks are likely to find the collapse of travel provider Thomas Cook expensive. There is a threat of high depreciation on outstanding bonds and loans. Credit Suisse is also affected, writes the Financial Times in its Friday issue.
Banks such as Barclays, Morgan Stanley, UniCredit and Credit Suisse would probably have to make a total depreciation of up to £1.8 billion (around €2 billion) on their books, according to the report. This was shown by estimates from the consulting firm AlixPartners.
The creditors of bonds would have to accept depreciation of 900 million to 1 billion pounds and the lenders between 550 and 825 million pounds. The actual amounts to be written off are likely to be at the upper end of the range, an expert told the paper.
At the end of the insolvency proceedings, it will be clear how large the losses of the creditors will actually be. A person close to this procedure did not spray too much hope. For example, Thomas Cook's 40 or so aircraft are "old" in Britain and many of the properties are in bad locations. The most money could be raised with the sale of the airport slots and the Thomas Cook brand, it continued.
Rackete allegedly brought suspected murderers to Italy
Sea Watch captain Carola Rackete may have taken men to Italy to torture and kill people in Libya. "We cannot rule this out, but we do not have secure information on it ourselves," the spokesman for the refugee organization Sea-Watch, Ruben Neugebauer, told the dpa news agency.
Other migrants would have recognized the three men in Italy. They are accused of raping, torturing and killing people in Libya. The alleged perpetrators were arrested in the detention centre in Messina, Italy. Neugebauer stressed that the refugee organizations could not check who they were leaving on their ships. "They come without passports."
On 29 June, Carola Rackete illegally took migrants to the port of Lampedusa and raided a ship belonging to the Italian Financial Police. The three suspects are said to have arrived there that day. The captain is being investigated for aid to illegal immigration.
US warns federal government against Huawei
The head of the US Federal Communications Commission (FCC), Ajit Pai, has warned the federal government against trusting the Chinese network supplier Huawei.
We believe that the risks are too great, "Pai told the Handelsblatt with a view to building the new 5G-Mobilfunknetzes.
China has a "national security law" that requires every company "under Chinese jurisprudence" to follow instructions from the security bodies.
The current law also prohibits companies from informing third parties of such inquiries, "the FCC boss continued. This makes it very difficult to have confidence in the integrity of technical equipment and services.
In the meantime, the Federal Government has agreed to demand a "declaration of trust" from suppliers.
Berlin first wants to try to control the risks, for example with technical solutions, reports the "Handelsblatt," citing its own information.
Pai doubts that this is possible. The 5G-Technologie consists not only of hardware:
Especially the software is important to keep the devices up to date. This software consists of billions of lines of program code that change over time, "Pai said.
It is "very difficult to imagine" that a government agency, "no matter where, would be able to review every single update in real time to detect security risks," the FCC chief continued.
He accuses the Chinese company Huawei of close contacts with the Chinese state apparatus:
The ownership is opaque. The employee company that allegedly owns the company is not necessarily independent of the government, "Pai told" Handelsblatt. "
The US had findings that government employees were placed within the company. Pai recently held talks in Berlin to promote the position of the USA.
Chemical factory in northern France burns: schools closed
At night, residents hear explosions. A gigantic firewall illuminates the sky above a northern French chemical factory. The fire is extinguished after hours - but cleaning up could take days.
After a fire at a chemical factory in the northern French city of Rouen on Thursday, schools and nurseries in the region remain closed.
In twelve municipalities, the facilities would not open on Friday as a precaution, the responsible prefecture reported. The Interior Ministry had asked citizens to stay in buildings as far as possible and not to expose themselves to smoke. There were no injuries. Farmers and breeders were asked to bring their animals inside, protect their feed and stop harvesting for the time being.
The fire could be completely extinguished on Thursday evening, as reported by the prefecture. There is still a risk that smell will spread after deletion, according to the prefecture on Twitter. According to the prefecture, 240 firefighters and 90 police officers and gendarmes were on duty at the fire site.
A gigantic black smoke column had previously risen from the chemical factory. French media reported huge flames and explosions at the Lubrizol factory, which produces additives for oils. The production facility is located a few kilometers from the city centre.
According to authorities, the factory in Normandy belongs to the so-called Seveso category of hazardous sites, which are particularly monitored. A devastating chemical accident occurred in Seveso, Italy near Milan, in 1976.
The prefect of the Normandy region, Pierre-André Durand, told the news station BFMTV that initially no "high toxicity" was detected in samples. However, pollution of the nearby Seine could not be ruled out. The prefecture explained that dams against pollution had been built up in the river.
The fire broke out at around 02.40 o'clock in the early morning, the authorities reported. The cause initially remained unclear. Rouen is a regional metropolis located on the Seine between Paris and the port city of Le Havre.
French Finance Minister: "Germany must invest now"
French Economy and Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire has called on Germany to invest more to stimulate economic growth in the eurozone.
Germany must invest now, the sooner the better, "said Le Maire on Thursday evening at the presentation of the French budget for next year.
The eurozone economy is weakening, the minister warned.
We must not wait until the economic situation worsens to make the necessary decisions. "
The countries with budgetary margins for more investment must act, said Le Maire, among others, with regard to Germany.
France does not have these margins, the minister added, referring to his country's high public debt. This is more than 98 percent of gross domestic product. The French public debt must be "stabilized" and "reduced," said Le Maire.
In recent years, France has repeatedly appealed to Germany to make more public investments to stimulate the European economy. In return, German politicians have repeatedly called on France to tackle its budget deficit.
The French 2020 budget presented on Thursday provides for tax relief of more than nine billion euros for households.
Among other things, the French government is responding to the protests of the yellow-vest movement. New debt is expected to fall to 2.2 percent, after an expected 3.1 percent this year.
Is he still trying to trick?: Johnson dodges question on Brexit tactics
British Prime Minister Johnson strongly criticises the "capitulation law" passed by Parliament.
Parliament is back, a law requires the British Prime Minister to avoid a chaos Brexit. However, critics fear that Boris Johnson could still use a loophole. However, the Tory politician avoids this possibility.
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson is covering himself over whether he wants to enforce an unregulated Brexit - despite the recent law passed by Parliament on what exactly this should prevent. In response to a question, Johnson merely said to journalists that his government would abide by applicable law.
The law stipulates that the government must request a postponement of the exit date if no agreement with the EU has been reached by mid-October. Johnson criticises this as a "capitulation law" which makes negotiations with the EU more difficult.
Former British Prime Minister John Major on Thursday suggested that Johnson could try to use "political harassment" to circumvent the law. The Prime Minister could use a procedural knack that would postpone the entry into force of the law until after the EU's withdrawal. Johnson said he was seeking a treaty with the European Union. "We are confident of leaving the EU on 31 October, and the best way forward is with an agreement."
Johnson's chief adviser Dominic Cummings, meanwhile, said that he felt that the political disputes over Brexit were a "walk in the park" and that he was confident that the desired exit from the EU would still be achieved: "We enjoy this, we will win, we will (note d. Red.: leave the EU), don't worry, "Cummings told the British newspaper" Telegraph "at a book presentation.
Cummings, who led the Brexit campaign "Vote Leave" during the election campaign before the EU referendum in 2016, is now acting as chief strategist in the UK seat of government Downing Street. He is said to be behind the uncompromising policy that has led the prime minister into an almost hopeless situation.
"The Polaroid Diaries" by Linda McCartney
Jimi Hendrix, Bob Dylan or Janis Joplin - they were all in front of Linda McCartney's camera, who has become one of the big rock photographers. But it doesn't always have to be the great glamour. The photo book "The Polaroid Diaries" dives deeply into the very private world of the McCartney family.
Paul McCartney, who was married to her from 1969 until Linda's death in 1998, was clearly proud and moved when he presented the book "The Polaroid Diaries" at the Victoria and Albert Museum in London in mid-September. Illustrious guests included Ringo Starr, Stella McCartney, Olivia Harrison and Pretenders frontwoman Chrissie Hynde.
After the Launch event McCartney wrote with Instagram: "#ThePolaroidDiaries a brief look is in the life of an unusual family from the time before Instagram, a celebration to the legacy of LindaMcCartney as an engaged artist and the immediate magic of the Polaroid film".
With Linda McCartney, who had studied art history at the University of Aizona until she found photography, the camera was always there. Thousands of Polaroids have made them, a few hundred of them are now published for the first time in "The Polaroid Diaries."
They are portraits, still lifes, landscapes, several hamsters, a sheep in the kitchen and other interiors from the early 70s to the late 90s. "She wanted real moments," writes art critic Ekow Eshun in his preface. And, of course, one is always the focus: your husband Paul - as you may never have seen him.
There he dances with his daughter Mary on his shoulders, calls in the bathrobe with a bag on his head or wears unfurnished moonboots. Sure, the McCartneys were an extraordinary family, but they also lived a normal life beyond the spotlight on their farm in southern England or Scotland. According to the BBC, Mary McCartney said that she had slept as a baby in a bed that her father had made from old potato boxes. And it hasn't always been cleaned up with the McCartneys.
Like hardly any other medium, the Poloraid camera captures the immediate moment. The recordings of Linda McCartney are certainly a kind of family diary, but they are much more than pure snapshots.
It's about the decisive click: You have to recognize when a great photo happens in front of you. And then you have to pinch it at exactly the right moment, "Paul McCartney said. "If you hit two seconds later or two seconds earlier, it can be a completely different photo." And Linda would have had the gift of always capturing exactly the right moment. "She just knew she had it," Paul said in the Eshun essay.
There is the light, the composition, the picture detail and the colors, which makes "The Polaroid Diaries" not only an entertaining picture book for Beatles fans, but besides all anecdotal things it is also a great aesthetic pleasure, where landscapes also seem like abstract paintings. The perfect complement to the newly released Beatles album "Abbey Road," which was released exactly 50 years ago.
"We will continue to buy oil and gas from Iran"
Despite the US sanctions imposed on Iran, Turkey intends to continue importing oil and gas from the neighbouring country. Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said in an interview published Friday that Turkey could not stop oil and gas imports from Iran.
We will continue to buy our natural gas from there, "Erdogan said in New York, where he attended the UN General Assembly.
However, Erdogan admitted that Turkey had problems importing Iranian oil, as some companies had "withdrawn because of US threats."
Nevertheless, Turkey "will continue our relations with Iran, especially on this issue and on many other issues," said the Turkish president, who had repeatedly criticized US sanctions against Iran in the past.
The US has been pursuing a policy of "maximum pressure" towards the Islamic Republic since its withdrawal from the international nuclear agreement with Iran. According to the US, Iran is secretly pursuing a nuclear program and is not complying with the agreement.
Their sanctions have led to the collapse of Iran's oil exports and a severe economic crisis in Iran. In recent months, tensions in the Gulf region have intensified considerably.
US government wants to restrict refugee admissions
The US government wants to drastically restrict the admission of refugees. The US State Department said Thursday that the annual ceiling of a resettlement program should be lowered from the current 30,000 to 18,000 refugees. This corresponds to a cut of 40 percent.
The State Department said that the US would remain committed to supporting refugees. The most important task, however, is to protect and serve US citizens. The US immigration system is currently overburdened.
In the future, the US government wants to focus on welcoming two groups of refugees: people who are persecuted for their beliefs - and Iraqis who have helped the US military in the country and have thereby come under threat, as the State Department's statement indicates. A maximum of 1500 refugees will be admitted from Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador.
The programme, launched in 1980, selects refugees from UN camps around the world and resettles them in the US. The ceiling of 18,000 refugees for the 2020 budget year would be the lowest in the program's history. The current ceiling of 30,000 is already a low value. When US President Donald Trump's predecessor, Barack Obama, left the White House, the figure was close to 85,000.
Aid organizations reacted appallingly to the announced lowering of the ceiling. "This is a very sad day for America," said David Miliband, head of the International Rescue Committee. The US would continue to harm its leadership in protecting the world's most vulnerable people.
Trump is strictly trying to limit immigration to the United States - both legally and illegally. According to the US government, 350,000 asylum applications are expected for the coming budget year. These figures are separate from the resettlement programme.
Donald Trump - "Coming Close to a Spy"
President Donald Trump has accused whistleblowers of espionage in the whistleblower affair. Whoever gave the informant who accused him of abuse of power appropriate clues "comes close to a spy," Trump said, according to a recording of a private event in New York on Thursday. This is reported by several US media in agreement.
According to this, Trump spoke in front of employees of the American UN mission. When asked about the person who informed the whistleblower about controversial White House events, he replied, "This comes close to a spy." Then Trump added, "Do you know what we did in old times when we were smart? Properly. The spies and betrayals, we used to deal with it a little differently than we do now. "
Observers regarded the latter remark as a possible allusion to the death penalty. Democrats strongly criticized Trump's comments, accusing him of intimidating witnesses. It was also an attempt to obstruct a congressional investigation into possible impeachment proceedings against him, wrote the chairmen of the committees on foreign affairs, intelligence and supervision in the House of Representatives.
The whistleblower accuses the President of abusing his office in a now published complaint to request interference from another country in the 2020 US election. Specifically, his controversial phone call with his Ukrainian counterpart Volodymyr Selenskyj in the summer was one of the topics: In the conversation, Trump suggested that he launch an investigation into his possible democratic challenger Joe Biden and his son Hunter in Ukraine. Trump denies any wrongdoing.
It is still unclear who the whistleblower himself and his informants are. However, as reported by the New York Times, the whistleblower is said to be an analyst for the CIA's foreign intelligence agency.
Refugee boat capsized: Baby and toddlers drown in Aegean Sea
Time and again people try to cross the Aegean Sea from Turkey to Greece. The boats are often much too small. Seven migrants have now died in the sinking of a dinghy - including five children.
Off the Greek island of Chios, seven migrants died in the sinking of a dinghy. Among the fatalities were also a baby and four other children, the Greek Coast Guard reported. Four children, three women and five men were rescued from the floods by the crew of a passing ferry.
Among the victims is also a smuggler, reported the local news portal of Chios, Alithia.gr. The migrants had left Turkey in the morning. They had tried to reach the small island group Inousses in the northeast of the island of Chios. Inousses is located between Chios and the Turkish mainland.
The countries from which the migrants come are not yet known. At present, hundreds of migrants from Turkey are moving to the Greek islands in the east of the Aegean Sea, mostly in boats far too small. Last year, 174 people were killed on this route, according to the United Nations Refugee Agency (UNHCR).
The Who cancel concert
A US concert by the rock band The Who has come to an abrupt end due to an iniquity of lead singer Roger Daltrey. In the middle of Wednesday night (local time) in Houston, his voice failed the service. At the eighth song, Daltrey told the audience, "I think I should leave it while it's still going."
Lead guitarist Pete Townsend apologized and added that Daltrey "can't speak now." Townsend promised the audience to get his money's worth at a restitution concert. But an appointment is not yet decided.
Performances scheduled for Friday in Dallas and Sunday in Denver cancelled The Who. They are to be recovered at a later date. 75-year-old Daltrey and his 74-year-old bandmate Townsend are the only remaining founding members. The British cult band formed 55 years ago.
Hiring suddenly stopped: WeWork causes real estate markets to tremble
In New York, WeWork has become the largest office tenant.
Within a few years, WeWork rises from a small startup to a driving force in the world's most expensive real estate markets. But now the company is in crisis. Landlords must fear for billions of dollars.
The crisis of the office rental company WeWork threatens to disrupt the balance in the largest real estate markets in the world. The company had deposed founder Adam Neumann as chief executive a few days ago, postponed the planned IPO and started selling subsidiaries and assets such as the private jet to executives in order to gain financial leeway for the coming weeks and months. In addition, the British Financial Times reports that WeWork has stopped the completion of new rentals with immediate effect. This makes New York and London, among others, the largest tenant of office space suddenly off the market.
WeWork rents large office space in the long term and rents it to members in some small units at short notice. These can be individual freelancers, small startups or entire departments of large corporations. So far, WeWork is burning money at a breathtaking rate with this business. Last year, the company made a loss of $1.6 billion, with sales of $1.8 billion. This year alone, the rental costs of renting new large areas are estimated to have risen to 2.5 billion dollars. In order to limit the loss, the new management is now said to have pulled the emergency brake and stopped renting new land with immediate effect.
According to the Financial Times, WeWork has now entered into leases of up to 15 years, resulting in commitments of more than $40 billion. These huge liabilities could become a problem not only for the company itself and its investors, but for entire real estate markets.
According to calculations by economist Dan Alpert of Cornell Law School in New York, WeWork rented nearly 300,000 square metres of office space in Manhatten, one of the world's most expensive real estate markets, over the past 24 months. WeWorks new contracts alone ensured that the demand for offices in New York was greater than the area newly launched during this time. Without WeWorks expansion, the office vacancy in the US metropolis would have increased during this time, as Alpert wrote in the "Business Insider." The situation is similar in London, where WeWork now operates several dozen office locations.
Even in the British capital, the balance in the real estate market could shift noticeably without further expansion of the aggressive startup. Among other things, WeWork is the main tenant, in an office building bought last year by the savings bank fund provider Deka for nearly 100 million euros in the center of the financial metropolis.
Many landlords have rebuilt their properties for the requirements of WeWork with high investments. If WeWork fails to make its business model profitable soon, property owners would probably have to write off some of the hoped-for billions of dollars. They do not have access to WeWork's - already scarce - reserves despite the long-term leases. As a rule, the leasing of WeWork's individual locations is carried out by specially established subsidiaries, so-called Special Purpose Vehicles, for which the parent company is only liable within narrow limits.
Russia once again arrested numerous North Korean fishermen
The Russian coast guard has again taken action against North Korean fishermen. In recent days, a total of 262 other poachers had been arrested who had been fishing illegally in the waters, according to Russian domestic intelligence agency FSB, Interfax, announced on Friday.
Only ten days ago 161 fishermen from North Korea were arrested. Previously, the border guards were shot and three of them were injured. There were no injuries this time, they said. Communist North Korea suffers from chronic food shortages.
The North Korean fishermen were thus travelling in Russian territorial waters. The Coast Guard of Russia uses patrols to protect its marine biological resources. During the re-inspections 30,000 squid were discovered. In addition, three fishing boats and two motor boats were seized and taken to Nachodka and Posjet near Vladivostok. According to the agency Ria Novosti, the Coast Guard found a total of more than 8,000 violations in 2018
The Russian fisheries authority had not issued fishing licences to the North Koreans this year even after complaints from local entrepreneurs. According to the media, thousands of fishermen from North Korea have been arrested there temporarily in 2019.
The head of the Association of Russian Fishing Companies in the Far Eastern region of Primorje, Georgi Martynov, recently complained of severe ecological damage by North Korean fishermen. They fished with narrow-mesh synthetic nets banned in Russia. These would also take small creatures out of the sea. In addition, the nets would simply be disposed of in the sea, where they would take 200 years to be decomposed. Even the ships themselves would not comply with the hygienic and technical regulations.
According to Moscow, three members of the Russian Coast Guard were injured in the previous week's arrests. A North Korean who was also wounded later died of his injuries, according to the FSB. On September 17, Russian border guards first set a North Korean boat and then a second one, after opening fire.
US impose entry ban on former President Castro
The US has imposed entry bans on former Cuban President Raúl Castro and his children. The US Department of Foreign Affairs justified this in a statement on Thursday with Castro's involvement in "gross human rights violations." As head of the Caribbean Communist Party, he presided over a system in which thousands of Cubans were arbitrarily arrested and there were more than 100 political prisoners.
As Chairman of the Armed Forces, the brother of the late revolutionary leader Fidel Castro was also complicit in human rights violations there by supporting the President of Venezuela, Nicolás Maduro. "The Cuban regime's disregard for human rights and use of violence to support the former Maduro regime is responsible for the ongoing crises in Cuba and Venezuela," tweeted American Foreign Minister Mike Pompeo.
President Donald Trump on Wednesday issued entry bans against members of the Venezuelan government and military. In Venezuela, a bitter power struggle between the government and the opposition has been raging for months. The US has imposed a whole series of sanctions on Maduro's government to kneel him down and help the opposition leader and self-proclaimed interim president Juan Guaidó to power.
Cuba is considered one of Maduro's closest allies. The socialist Caribbean island receives oil from Venezuela in exchange for the services of posted doctors. According to the US and Venezuelan opposition, Cuba has also sent many intelligence agents to Venezuela to help the government suppress opponents of the government.
New climate protests by Fridays for Future
One week after the largest international climate protests to date, thousands of people want to take to the streets today for more climate protection.
At the end of an international climate week, the Fridays for Future movement is once again planning actions and rallies in dozens of countries worldwide. New Zealand and Australia are expected to start because of the time shift before the protests over Europe reach North America. Climate activist Greta Thunberg wanted to take part in a grand rally in Montreal, Canada. Demonstrators also wanted to gather outside the White House in Washington.
It is relatively unclear how much global support this Friday will be after the previous week's record participation. Thunberg himself was good things. "Last Friday, over four million people stroked for the climate. This Friday we will do it again! "she wrote on Twitter. So far, there have been 6383 actions in 170 countries as part of the strike week, she added.
Especially in Germany, the influx last Friday was very large. According to Fridays for Future estimates, a good third of all demonstrators worldwide - around 1.4 million - participated in the protests in 575 German cities. This time, according to a listing of the movement, rallies are planned in at least 65 cities. Among them in metropolises such as Berlin, Hamburg, Munich and Cologne, but also in smaller communities and cities such as Jüchen in North Rhine-Westphalia or Westerland auf Sylt, people want to take to the streets for the climate.
At the age of 15, Thunberg had sat down in front of the Swedish parliament in August 2018 to call on her country's politicians to make a stronger commitment to climate protection. The Fridays-for-Future movement emerged from this within a short time. The climate protests mainly involve pupils and students, but increasingly also scientists and other adults.
Together they demand more ambition from politics in the fight against global heating and the threat of a climate catastrophe. Above all, according to the Paris Agreement on climate change, global warming must be curbed to below 1.5 degrees compared to pre-industrial times.
Thunberg arrived in New York almost a month ago after a two-week transatlantic trip with a high-seas racing yacht. There she had recently participated in climate protests and summits of the United Nations. On Monday, she gave an emotional speech at the UN in which she spoke strongly to the Heads of State and Government of the Earth. In her native Stockholm, she was awarded the Alternative Nobel Prize of the Right Livelihood Foundation on Wednesday for her commitment to more climate protection.
Russia bans smoking on balcony
People in Russia will no longer be allowed to smoke on the balcony. This provides for a change in fire protection. "This also applies to smoking," a spokesman for the Ministry of Emergency said on Thursday in Moscow, according to the agency Tass. The ban is due to enter into force on 1 October.
Those who smoke nevertheless have to expect a fine of 3,000 rubles (42.46 euros). If the cigarette triggers a fire, the punishment is higher. According to the ministry, the ban also includes burning candles. Grilling meat skewers on the balcony is no longer permitted.
Blow to cybercriminals - investigators lift servers
In the fight against crimes on the Internet, German investigators have for the first time launched a large server provider for illegal business in the darknet.
A total of 13 perpetrators are suspected of hosting numerous websites in a former Nato bunker in Traben-Trarbach an der Mosel, through which internationally active criminals conducted their activities.
The General Prosecutor's Office in Koblenz reported this. Seven suspects were arrested on Thursday evening in a major operation. The darknet is a shielded part of the Internet.
The suspects' customers were among others the operators of the world's second largest darknet marketplace for drugs, "Wall Street Market," which investigators had crushed in the spring. The attack on 1.25 million telecom routers at the end of November 2016 was also controlled via a server in the cyber bunker, according to the prosecutor general's office.
Such a hoster had been excavated for the first time in Germany, it said. A web host provides the infrastructure for an Internet presence.
There have been searches in Germany and neighbouring countries in the access operation with the support of special forces such as the GSG9. It was the result of almost five years of investigations. At noon, the investigators want to provide further details.
New global climate protests by Fridays for Future
One week after the largest international climate protests to date, thousands of people want to take to the streets today for more climate protection.
At the end of an international climate week, the Fridays for Future movement once again planned actions and rallies in dozens of countries worldwide.
In Germany, protests are planned in at least 65 cities, including metropolises such as Berlin, Hamburg, Munich and Cologne, but also in smaller communities and cities such as Jüchen in North Rhine-Westphalia and Westerland on Sylt. Climate activist Greta Thunberg wants to participate in a grand rally in Montreal, Canada.
Climate ProtestWho are Thunberg's backers?
Justice and courage are high virtues, even in the 21st century, in a world full of war and smoke factories that warm the climate. All the more astonishing that a 16-year-old girl holds the mirror in front of the power man of this time. But what is behind it? Is it helpfulness or wise marketing of a climate activist? Historical masterpiece or manipulative tactics for its own sake?
On the one hand, Greta Thunberg sets the masses on the move and encourages young people to rise for a better climate-friendly world. Historically, it is not the first time in Europe that a young person has managed to win over a collection of children and young people. Already in 1212, a child named Nikolaus from Cologne felt chosen to work for a fairer world. At that time, he was able to win over a multitude of young people and persuaded them to cross the sea in order to enter the promised land, much like Greta Thunberg recently embarked on a sailboat trip to America.
But is there a shadow side to this? Why does it take a share called "We don't have time" to save the world? Greta Thunberg also has rich PR managers at her side. By the way, her mother has published a book that has sold widely, thanks to the daughter in the spotlight. Even old followers of Greta Thunberg were a little indignant about the last PR show, or the trip by boat was probably too thick for some followers. This is also not unfounded, because the action was very well received in the media worldwide and a lot of money flows thanks to the imposing action.
The spirits are now separating here: Is it morally right to enrich yourself financially when saving the world? Is it still authentic for certain groups of people to work with stockbrokers during the World Rescue Campaign? No matter what position is ultimately taken, a critical and reflected viewpoint is increasingly important in a democratically shaped society, because democracy lives on various opinions and discussions. Therefore, it may make sense to question even seemingly pious plans of certain trend sellers critically.
Comet discovered: Interstellar guest crosses through our solar system
A strange comet is crossing our solar system right now.
The assumptions of astronomers have been confirmed: at the moment a foreign comet crosses our solar system - it is only the second of its kind.
Garching/Washington - For a long time the researchers have only suspected it, but now they have certainty: A comet from another star is currently crossing our solar system. He was 2I/Borisov baptized after his discoverer and currently employs astronomers worldwide.
2I/Borisov: Comet discovered by amateur astronomers in Crimea
This body was discovered by an amateur astronomer named Gennadi Borisov in Crimea. He looked to the sky with a self-built telescope and further observations confirmed his first suspicion. It is actually an unknown comet that does not originate from our solar system. It is only the second of its kind to be sighted during transit.
The great opportunity for astronomers is now to get close insights into a foreign solar system. Apparently the commet resembles that of our own system, as reported by the Astrophysical Institute of the Canaries. According to the International Astronomical Union (IAC), the comet is clearly of interstellar origin and is currently moving on a so-called hyperbolic trajectory that takes it out of our system.
Comet was spotted before approach - and can be observed for several months
But before this happens, astronomers can observe him in depth. In contrast to his predecessor, 2I/Borisov has already been spotted in his approach, which means that he can be examined from Earth for many months. "The object will reach the greatest brightness in mid-December and can then be seen with medium-sized telescopes by April 2020," explains Davide Farnocchia of the US space agency Nasa. "After that, it will only be observed with larger, professional telescopes by October 2020."
The predecessor of the new visitor: 1I/2017 U1 "Oumuamua."
First findings on comet 2I/Borisov raise hopes in science
According to the first findings, the comet is estimated at 2 to 16 kilometers in diameter. At the same time, the celestial body seems similar to our comets - as IAC researcher Julia de León puts it, the spectrum of the tail star is similar to ours. This observation suggests that comets in other solar systems could form through processes similar to those in our, added de León's colleague Javier Licandro.
But the observation goes beyond individual knowledge. The fact that two such objects have already been discovered within only two years may allow a new way to explore certain processes in other solar systems.
Asteroids keep occupying the researchers. Only recently, a giant asteroid rushed past the Earth and came dangerously close to it.
"Absolutely reprehensible": Rachel Johnson appalled by brother
Boris Johnson is getting more lonely. First his younger brother leaves the cabinet, now his sister scourges with clear words the warlike language of the prime minister as "tasteless." It's not the brother she knows.
"Surrender," "fraud," treaty ": Prime Minister Boris Johnson is under pressure and continues to brace - at least verbally. At Question Time in the House of Commons this Wednesday, this was met with massive opposition outrage, and more critics have now spoken: dozens of bishops and his own sister, Rachel Johnson.
The well-known journalist and author told Sky News that her brother used words like surrender, as if the opponents of an EU exit should be "hanged, dragged, quartered, tapped and feathered." She thinks this is extremely reprehensible. She does not recognize her brother's version, said Rachel Johnson, who had stood for the Change UK anti-Brexit party in the EU Parliament elections.
She was particularly struck by the fact that her brother mentioned Jo Cox, an EU-friendly lower house member who had been murdered by a neo-Nazi a few days before the 2016 exit referendum. Their memories can best be honoured by going through Brexit, Boris Johnson had said in the House of Commons. "It is very tasteless to refer to an MP who was murdered by someone who shouted 'Britain first'," now criticised Johnson's sister. The perpetrator had obviously come from the far-right camp, which felt empowered "by this kind of language." For all those who mourned for her, it was very tasteless.
The widower of Cox also strongly criticized the Prime Minister. "It makes me sick when Jo's name is used that way," he tweeted. The best way to honor them is to be passionate and determined about what you believe in - no matter what your view. But you should never "demonize the other side." He also complained that an atmosphere had arisen in which attacks had become more likely.
Only a few weeks ago Boris Johnson's younger brother Jo resigned his position as Secretary of State and his mandate as Tory MP. "I have been torn between loyalty to the family and the national interest in recent months - it is an indissoluble tension," Jo Johnson explained the move.
Johnson's language also met with sharp criticism in the church. The Times reports that all 118 bishops and archbishops of the Church of England criticize the language "not worthy of this country." In a joint statement, they said: "In recent days, language has not been acceptable, both in debates and outside Parliament. We should speak with respect. "
Shakira and Jennifer Lopez perform at Super Bowl
The NFL is setting a strong mark in the year of its 100th anniversary: In the halftime show of the upcoming Super Bowl, two women with Latino roots appear. They promise "an explosion of fun and energy."
Latina power at the Super Bowl: Superstars Shakira (42) and Jennifer Lopez (50) will deliver the halftime show at the upcoming U.S. Football League NFL finals. The organisers announced this on Thursday (local time).
"I feel incredibly honored and humble to represent the Latino community alongside JLo. Because this has an incredible strength in the USA, "Shakira shared in a video.
The final of the American Football League, which will be its 100th edition next year. Celebrates birthday, takes place on February 2 in Miami. Many people with Latin American roots live in the metropolis on the southern tip of Florida. Shakira ("Waka Waka") comes from Colombia, Lopez ("On the Floor") is of Puerto Rican origin.
"I love the Super Bowl putting two women on stage this time - and two Latinas," Lopez explained. This sends an important message to all Americans and the world. She promises for the show "an explosion of fun and energy."
The 50-year-old was born in New York after her parents emigrated from Puerto Rico. In the 2000s she landed big hits with songs like "Waiting For Tonight" or "Let's Get Loud" and later also released songs in Spanish. Lopez also works as an actress and will appear in the drama "Hustlers" in German cinemas from November.
Shakira became known in Colombia as the star of a telenovela and singer. She made her breakthrough worldwide in 2001 with her first bilingual album and the single "Whenever, Whereever."
The announcement of the halftime guests is expected every time in the USA. This year many also regard the selection as a political gesture. After all, the country is deeply divided, not least by President Donald Trump's immigration policy.
The Super Bowl is the biggest US sporting event and at the same time a gigantic advertising spectacle. Musicians such as Justin Timberlake, Beyoncé, Lady Gaga, Katy Perry, Madonna, Bruno Mars and the Rolling Stones caused a stir there. As a rule, over 100 million TV viewers watch the NFL final, and it is now extremely popular in Germany.
Political controversy arose in advance last year. The reason was the dispute over quarterback Colin Kaepernick, who, in protest of police violence against blacks, refused to rise up while playing the national anthem and was harshly tackled by US President Donald Trump, among others. Out of solidarity with Kaepernick, some musicians rejected a Super Bowl performance - including Rihanna and Pink. The fact that the rock group Maroon 5 performed was ultimately criticized by many.
An actor and youtuber approaches Egypt's ruler: For the time being, however, Mohamed Ali prefers to stay abroad.
The two men, who have an influence on whether blood flows again on the streets of Egypt, have both spent the past week abroad. One of them floated back to Cairo Airport on Friday. President Abdelfattah al-Sisi returned from the UN General Assembly. The ex-general, who deposed Muslim brother Mohammed Mursi, the country's first freely elected head of state, in 2013, had spent a pleasant time in New York: US President Donald Trump had praised Sisis's actions against political Islam and had not lost a syllable about the human rights violations on the Nile - in a week in which Egypt's security forces arrested hundreds of people for daring to protest against the President. He has "no reason to worry," Sisi said at the airport in the microphones of state television. "The Egyptians cannot be misled."
Misleading - according to the President, the other man is trying to determine what is happening on the streets. Mohamed Ali, of course, stayed abroad, where he evaded the access of the security forces, who would immediately arrest him if he tried to enter Egyptian soil. Weeks ago, the 45-year-old was known as an actor to only a minority of Egyptians. Today he is the voice that dominates the political discourse in the country's cafés, living rooms and tea rooms: With his YouTube channel "Mohamed's Secrets," Ali calls on his countrymen to rise up against Sisi.
He addresses the head of state directly and in quite rustic language. While the people are hungry, the president is reeling in luxury and let himself be built magnificent new palaces, it says. The army leadership on which Sisi relies accuses Ali of corruption and enrichment. Because he did business with these very gentlemen for 15 years in his second job as a building contractor, he seems to know quite exactly what he is talking about - at least that is the impression of many Egyptians, as the almost exploding click numbers show.
After thousands had demonstrated against his rule last week for the first time since Sisis' grip on power and nearly 2000 citizens, including prominent civil society figures, human rights lawyers and opposition politicians, were arrested, Ali called for a "million march" this Friday. It was unlikely that so many people would really venture onto the streets. But there were occasional smaller protests, for example in Giseh near Cairo and in Kina near Luxor. Videos on social media showed protests, whose participants accused Al-Sisi of corruption and demanded his departure. During these protests, the police also used tear gas and rubber bullets. These videos could not be verified independently at first. Security groups said the police had ended the protests.
From the city of Mansura in the Nile Delta, where protesters ripped banners with the portrait of the president in pieces last week, a massive police presence was reported on Friday. Security forces set up checkpoints in the city and on the outage roads. In Cairo, several subway stations in the city centre were closed for "maintenance work," most streets around Tahrir Square, the heart of the 2011 revolution, were blocked. And on Rabaa Square, where supporters of the overthrown Muslim brother Mursi splintered in 2013 until the army took them under fire and killed up to 800 people, another measure was to prevent dissatisfied people from gathering: Sisis Future Party wanted to hold a grand rally for the President of all places.
Mohamed Ali made these arrangements change his tactics: "Our goal does not have to be Tahri Square," Ali said in Barcelona in his video camera. "Let's not clash with police officers." But this is not to be understood as a withdrawal: "All Egypt is the Tahrir Square."
If the provider promises too much performance
If the internet connection always seems much slower than advertised by the provider, there are various testing possibilities.
Those who conclude an Internet contract do not need to trust the speed information of the providers blindly. Customers can check themselves how much of this is actually achieved in the event of abnormalities.
Finally, the transmission rates promised in advance are a component of the contract and should therefore also be achieved, explains the Consumer Headquarters Bavaria.
If the connection always seems much slower than advertised by the provider, there are various testing possibilities. The measurement tools of the Federal Network Agency (BNetzA) measure the actual data transmission rates and compare them with the rate agreed in the contract.
"However, the vendors' tests are carried out according to vendor-specific specifications and are therefore not calculated uniformly and objectively," the consumer headquarters in Bavaria points out on their side.
If the connection is much slower than announced, customers can set the provider a reasonable period of time of usually 14 days to produce the promised service. The best way to do this is in writing.
If this does not work after multiple requests, customers can cancel and may also demand compensation. But in the absence of success, only the way forward will help.
First ranking Republican to investigate
The governor of Vermont was the first senior Republican to advocate an impeachment investigation into US President Donald Trump. "I think the investigation is important, yes, and where that goes from here is determined by the facts that are being established," Phil Scott said at a press conference on Thursday. He wants to know more about the whistleblower affair before measures are taken - impeachment proceedings can lead to the deposition of the president.
Scott said he was not surprised by revelations that Trump repeatedly asked Ukrainian President Volodymyr Selenskyj in a phone call to investigate interventions by Democratic presidential candidate and former Vice President Joe Biden in Ukraine. Because Trump has been watching Biden "for years."
Republicans have so far been reluctant to criticize Trump for the whistleblower affair; few have revealed discomfort because of this. Scott's remarks are a first sign of this in Trump's party. Scott, a moderate Republican, has repeatedly opposed Trump's policies, such as easing environmental legislation and tightening immigration regulations.
Spider-Man stays in MCU: Further Marvel movie planned
It was a shock for all Spider-Man fans: at the end of August it was announced that Sony and Marvel will go separate ways in the future. Tom Holland's Spider-Man would no longer be part of the Avengers universe. It was completely unclear how the films about Tom Holland should continue.
Now the surprise: Spider-Man receives after "Spider-Man: Homecoming" and "Spider-Man: Far From Home" another final third film within the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). This is reported by several US media in agreement. According to this, the start of the movie is already to be established: In the USA, the film will start from 16 July 2021.
In the magazine "Screenrant," Marvel boos Kevin Feige is quoted: "I am delighted that Spidey's path will continue in the MCU. I and everyone at Marvel Studios are delighted that we can continue to work on it... He is the only superhero with the ability to play in various universes as Sony continues to work on his Spidey verse. You never know what the future will bring. "
But how does the sudden good news come about? Allegedly Sony Marvel made an offer. According to industry magazines, Disney, which includes Marvel, would contribute 30 percent of the revenue of upcoming Spider Man films. However, the message is not confirmed.
How Duchess Meghan and Prince Harry show up in the "Suits" finale
After nine seasons, the series "Suits" has reached the grand finale in the USA. In the last episode there were many Happy Ends and as many cameo appearances. And also the royal couple Prince Harry (35) and his Meghan (38), who participated in the series for many years, were paid a charming tribute. Note that the following sections contain series final spoilers.
First of all, Duchess Meghan did not return in the finale for a final farewell greeting as Rachel Zane, at least not for new scenes. Instead, some retrospectives showed the most memorable scenes with today's Duchess. For example, the moments of the failed and successful wedding to Mike, or how they greeted him after his sentence.
But her real husband, Prince Harry, was also mentioned casually in the "Suits" finale, of course in a wedding scene. When Louis Litt (Rick Hoffman, 49) walks straight towards the altar to marry his fiancée Sheila (Rachael Harris, 51), Harvey Specter (Gabriel Macht, 47) makes a telling remark about his suit. The distraught Harvey wants to know about the groom if he actually threw himself over a walking skirt, only to say snippetly: "Louis, you are not the Prince of England."
Aegean Sea: Baby and four other children drown in boat accident
At the center of a refugee boat in the Aegean Sea, a baby and four other children drowned. A total of seven people died in the accident, according to the Greek Coast Guard on Friday. The nationalities are still unclear.
The boat sank near the Greek island of Inousses, which lies between the island of Chios and the Turkish mainland. Four children, three women and five men could be saved.
Hundreds of migrants are currently transferring from Turkey to the Greek islands in the east of the Aegean Sea. Last year, 174 people were killed on this route, according to the United Nations Refugee Agency (UNHCR). Federal Interior Minister Horst Seehofer has now announced his intention to visit both countries.
Together with his French colleague and the responsible European Commissioner, he wanted to inform Turkey "about the refugee situation," Seehofer said on Friday. He then wanted to learn more about the "administrative problems of the Greeks" in Athens in order to help them cope.
On Friday, a spokeswoman for the European Commission confirmed Seehofer's planned trip with EU Interior Commissioner Dimitris Avramopoulos and French Interior Minister Christophe Castaner.
Abnormally many migrants from Turkey continue to arrive in Greece. On Tuesday alone, 654 people transferred to the Greek islands, according to the Greek Ministry of Civil Protection on Wednesday.
Is the Turkey deal still working?
The increased figures last cast doubt on the functioning of the 2016 EU-Turkey Agreement. This allows the EU to send back to the Greek islands all refugees and migrants arriving illegally via Turkey. In return, the EU wanted to accept a Syrian refugee from Turkey for every Syrian deported.
However, the processing of asylum applications is difficult on the Greek side due to a lack of staff. According to the Ministry of Civil Protection, nearly 29 400 people are waiting for Lesbos, Chios, Samos, Leros and Kos. The worst is the situation on Lesbos: a camp with capacity for 650 people currently houses 5200 migraines.
There have never been so many since the entry into force of the EU-Turkey Refugee Pact in March 2016, the State Radio reported.
Climate change: Heat leads to more heart attacks
According to doctors, climate change will put the health system to the test in the future. Climate change is "certainly" one of the biggest challenges for the health system in the next 20 to 50 years, said Andreas Zeiher, President of the German Society for Cardiology. Especially the cardiovascular system made high temperatures and large temperature jumps within a short time to create and led more and more to heart attacks. Especially people with cardiovascular diseases, elderly people and diabetics are affected.
Greens politician must answer for embarrassing photo pan
The leader of the Canadian Greens, Elizabeth May, in the election campaign - was the cup manipulated for this reason?
The Canadian Greens boss holds a reusable cup in her hand in a photo. But now it came out: the cup was manipulated.
Ottawa/Canada - It went unnoticed for quite a long time - and finally noticed. Elizabeth May, head of the Canadian Greens, never held the reusable coffee cup with metal straw. On the party's website, she was seen in a photo with this cup, talking to citizens. However, the photo had already been published and also distributed to the media - and the cup was still a snappy (papp) cup, as reported by the Canadian National Post.
Greens Boss Must Answer for Photo Pan
The National Post then accused May of manipulation and that the party was producing fake news to appear more credible on the issue of "environmental protection." And this is in the midst of an election campaign for the lower house election, in which Trudeau is also facing increasing difficulties due to a bribery scandal.
The photo went viral on social media and addressed the discussion about fake news. A user shares a juxtaposition of the photos and writes: "The Greens manipulate a photo of their chairmen to hide their disposable cup."
May was shocked and vowed on her blog not to know about this action. To underline this, she immediately posted the original: She, in conversation with citizens, a cup in her hand. That, however, she correctly said, was made of bamboo. She always brought him. A spokeswoman for the party said it was only a matter of placing the party logo in the picture, and not of covering something up. Only one detail of the photo can be seen on the website.
May writes that she is sorry for the employee who did this. "I don't want to call him stupid, but there was nothing to hide," she says to the Guardian, and at the same time asked her over-engaged team: "If they want to edit a picture again, could they not do something with my face so that I look younger?"
The German Greens also got into shitstorms for their use of disposable plastic or for air travel - but their pictures were not fotoshopped. The head of the Bavarian Greens, Katharina Schulze, ate ice cream with plastic spoons on holiday, as merkur.de * reported.
Influencer Wants Free Upgrade: Lifetime Flight Ban at Cathay
Jaqueline Ng was allegedly promised an upgrade by mail from Cathay Pacific. But when she asked for it at check-in, she was not allowed on board - and she should never be allowed to fly with Cathay again.
Spontaneously get an upgrade for the business class - many passengers dream of it. Sometimes they are lucky, and the check-in staff offer a change from Economy Class for free.
However, this case shows how not to do it: A self-declared influencer has actively asked the airline Cathay Pacific for a free upgrade. Follow Jaqueline Ng more than 65,000 users on Instagram. On 30 May she flew back from Taiwan to New York and on 7 June.
On the outward flight, employees refused to upgrade Jaqueline, even though she had shown an email in which Cathay Pacific allegedly envisaged an upgrade. The letter will have been received by the influencer from a marketing employee of the airline. The airline, on the other hand, accuses Jaqueline of falsifying the mail.
On the return flight Jaqueline tried again to get an upgrade for the long-haul flight. This time the woman is said to have shown the same mail, but with a different reference number. The employees at JFK Airport were skeptical: They hung up at the headquarters. And in fact, the employee from whom the mail allegedly originated is said to have denied mail contact with Jaqueline. This was confirmed by the mail system, in which the messages did not appear.
Airline staff at the airport cancelled Jaqueline's ticket and imposed a lifetime ban on flights with Cathay Pacific. For 1,400 US dollars (around 1,280 euros) she had to buy a new flight ticket to Taiwan.
With her case, the influencer turned to Elliot Advocacy, a company representing consumer interests. Cathay had refunded her the price for her original ticket, but Jaqueline also claimed back the cost of the new ticket.
But as long as Jaqueline does not submit the metadata of the mail, the case remains clear: for Cathay, the influencer has committed fraud, it remains blocked for future flights. The terms and conditions of the airline also state that they do not have to pay for the new flight. Jaqueline does not want to be satisfied with this - and now turns on a lawyer.
Oil prices give way after report on ceasefire in Yemen
Oil prices fell by more than a dollar in the shortest possible time on Friday afternoon. Last, a barrel (159 litres) of the North Sea variety of Brent cost US $61.83 - about 1.4 percent less than the previous day. The price of a barrel of the American variety West Texas Intermediate (WTI) fell 1.3 percent to $55.77.
The trigger for the price slide was a report by the Wall Street Journal on a ceasefire in Yemen. Saudi Arabia is reported to have agreed to a ceasefire in four areas.
A drone attack on oil plants in Saudi Arabia had brought five percent of the world's oil production to a halt in mid-September. The Huthi rebels allied with Iran in Yemen's civil war country had claimed the attacks for themselves. Saudi Arabia, like the US government, blames Iran. A ceasefire would defuse the political tension in the region.
Ole Hansen, head of the Commodities Strategy Department at Saxo Bank, told Bloomberg.
Oil prices are thus continuing its downward movement over the past few days. A week ago, a barrel of WTI oil had cost up to nearly $59, Brent nearly $65.
Most recently, Bloomberg, citing insiders, reported that repair work on oil plants in Saudi Arabia was progressing faster than expected after the attack in mid-September. Accordingly, the production volume had again reached a volume of eight million barrels per day and was moving again towards the original quantity.
Recently, there have been several press releases, citing insiders reporting rapid progress by state oil company Saudi Aramco in the repair work. Commodity experts pointed out that Saudi Aramco is currently planning to go public and avoid negative headlines.
At the same time, some relaxation in the conflict between Iran and Western countries was indicated: The British oil tanker "Stena Impero" is more than two months after Iran has been set and the recently granted release on the way to leaving the port. The crew is now preparing to depart while the ship continues to anchor, shipping manager Erik Hånell told Swedish radio in an SMS on Friday morning.
However, the US announced that it would transfer missiles and soldiers to the Iranian arch-enemy in Saudi Arabia. The fear of an escalation between the Islamic Republic and countries such as the US and the UK had pushed oil prices up significantly in recent weeks.
Accusations against Trump intensify
In the affair over possible abuse of power by US President Donald Trump, allegations of cover-ups against the White House have been raised. After a contentious phone call between Trump and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Selenskyj at the end of July, several leading government officials made intense efforts to prevent access to the vocabulary of the conversation. An anonymous whistleblower explained. The speaker of the House of Representatives, Democrat Nancy Pelosi, explicitly accused the White House of "covering up." Trump spoke of a "witch hunt."
North Korea considers third Trump and Kim summit questionable
North Korea has raised doubts that the nuclear dispute will soon lead to a third summit between leader Kim Jong-un and US President Donald Trump. According to the KCNA agency, the meaning and the prospects for success of such a meeting are questionable due to a lack of progress in implementing agreements at the first summit in Singapore, according to top diplomat Kim Kye-gwan on Friday.
The US had so far done nothing to implement the decisions of the summit the previous year, said the adviser to the North Korean Foreign Ministry. He also criticized intensified US sanctions and the joint military maneuvers of the US and South Korea. But he hopes for a "wise" and "courageous" decision by Trump to bring it back closer.
Trump said on Monday that he wanted to know what a third summit meeting with Kim would bring before he agreed to do so. Negotiations to disarm North Korea's nuclear and missile programmes have stalled since the failed second summit of Trump and Kim in Hanoi in February. In June, both met in the Demilitarized Zone between the two Korean states. In doing so, they agreed to revive the deliberations, but so far without much success.
Prince Harry: Weapons manufacturers should help with mine clearance
Dressed in a blue protective vest, British Prince Harry symbolically set off and destroyed an explosive mine in Angola. Near a camp of the British Halo Trust near the town of Dirico he produced the ignition circuit. The explosive device exploded at a safe distance. In view of the goal of getting Angola mine-free by 2025, he later demanded in front of running TV cameras: "I call on all the countries whose names are on these weapons, but who did not help to get away from them."
Pound under pressure - interest rate cut expected
British pound under pressure
In the face of an early interest rate cut, the pound is losing its value against the euro.
Frankfurt Speculation of an early interest rate cut by the Bank of England (BoE) is ramping up the pound sterling. The British currency was down 0.4 percent to $1.2269 on Friday.
The sales were triggered by statements by the central bank Michael Saunders. He talked about cutting interest rates, even if a chaotic Brexit could be averted, as uncertainty would affect Britain's economy for the foreseeable future. This statement is surprising as Saunders is seen as an advocate of restrictive monetary policy, said analyst Ricardo Evangelista of the broker's house ActivTrades.
Last week, the Bank of England had already pointed out the burden on the economy of the Brexit hickhack without directly signalling an interest rate cut. Prime Minister Boris Johnson will, if necessary, lead his country out of the EU without a divorce agreement on 31 October.
More: With his provocations, the British Prime Minister took a high risk. But it could pay off for him, according to Handelsblatt editor Kerstin Leitel.
Doping: Further Russian manipulations proved
Material from the Moscow Analytical Laboratory is manipulated - this confirms David Howman, one-time director of the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) and today's Head of Integrity of the World Athletics Federation.
At the start of the World Championships in Athletics, new details of the doping scandal in Russia come to light - and they destroy the little credibility that Russian sport had regained at the beginning of the year and even in some ways. In January 2019, the Moscow Doping Laboratory finally delivered the requested samples from 2012 to 2015 to the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada). Now it turned out: they were forged.
In December 2014, systematic fraud in Russian sports was revealed. Then the Wada blocked the Russian Anti-Doping Agency (Rusada) for three years. During this time, Russian athletes were not completely banned from the world stage. After individual examination at the 2016 Summer Games in Rio, the International Olympic Committee had around 270 athletes competing under the neutral flag, with 168 Russian athletes competing at the Winter Games in February 2018. They were also allowed to participate in the World Cups in the various sports, in the summer the Football World Cup took place in Russia with the host as a participant.
Positive findings are missing
The following September, the Wada lifted the Rusada spell again, but demanded access to the laboratory and the samples mentioned. The data should provide information on the scope of the cover-up of doping cases in state doping. They should help to punish athletes retrospectively. Three months later they were finally delivered.
However, the chairman of the Independent Integrity Commission (AIU) of the World Athletics Federation (IAAF) has now confirmed that the doping data from the Moscow Analytical Laboratory has been manipulated. "Yes. We received the data nine months ago. We should check that the task force has received the right data, "David Howman said in Friday's interview with the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung. "We have identified numerous discrepancies between the data the Wada received from a whistleblower and those it received from the Russians in January." Many positive findings were missing, which were mentioned in the McLaren Report.
The World Cup not affected
This confirms the attitude of the IAAF: The Athletics Association is the only organization that maintains the spell of Russia. At the World Cup in Doha, 30 Russian athletes will start flying the neutral flag. They had to prove that they train outside the Russian system and undergo tests.
Earlier this week, Wada had already put manipulation in the room and asked Russia to respond to the accusations within three weeks. Russia is now threatening to block the Rusada again and, in the worst case, to exclude it from the 2020 Olympic Games in Tokyo.
