" my favorite woman ranking " 2th place Nana Suzuki, " rude body touch " etc. Confess the episode of a failed episode (Hixtape) - yahoo! News
September 30th (Mon) " teacher screw, don't be like me! Nana Suzuki will take place as " screw sensei " in " every monday night 0:20-0:50, TV morning
Showing off the failed episode of studio chastain.
[Photo View] All Studio's Don Pull?
Nana Suzuki demonstrating "the body touch that is too rude"
The full version of the class and comedy research department will be delivered at abematv's "groupings video" from midnight right after the terrestrial broadcast.
In this broadcast, Suzuki will appear as " the teacher who was hated by the world while he didn't know if he was working hard
Suzuki, who made his model debut at the gal magazine in 2007, at the age of 18
Since I first appeared on a TV program in 2011, I was able to make a lot of things with high-tension talk and over-reaction, and I was able to make a lot of work.
This year, SUZUKI WON 1th place in " variety and other departments " of " hate women ranking " which was announced in a weekly magazine this year.
In addition, it is said that even the whole showbiz has been elected to the 2th place.
As a result, Suzuki reveals that his mother was shocked and the husband was also played at work.
In Class, how did you get to win the top of the "favorite woman ranking" and look back at Suzuki's steps as a talent.
It is said that in the background of Suzuki's excessive full power talk & reaction, it was from a word of a senior comedian.
In addition, Suzuki has escalated more and more of the " full power body touch " and " full power " and the extremism.
In the past, Suzuki demonstrating the body touch that suzuki was going to the big co-ordination, and the studio is going to be a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a
And right after the terrestrial broadcast, the complete version of the class and the laughter research department is delivered.
The "private secret story with husband" is also revealed to the #of Suzuki's gal-Sir (Gal's circle).
In Return items, the " electronic product ticket " of the " electronic product ticket " has been added to the setouchi city in furusato tax: Sanyo Shimbun Digital | San
Electronic product ticket "E City gift"
Contact and pay exclusive equipment
On the 27th, setouchi city announced that it will add a unique electronic product ticket "E-City gift" to the return item of furusato tax.
Available from November at a member store in the city.
It is the first time in a municipality in the prefecture.
If you do hometown tax and choose electronic product tickets to return goods, you will be sent to the designated smartphone for 3 % of the donations.
Show the screen of the product ticket when purchasing the goods, and the store will contact the exclusive equipment of the stamp-shaped and pay it.
I can't transfer or resell.
Return items usually need a certain amount of time to arrive from applications, but electronic goods tickets can be received instantly.
Tourists are free to use.
In addition to the five Furusato Tax Portal Portal, we accept the 2 special sites in the city.
The current member store is 13 stores, and we aim for 100 stores by the end of the year.
In June, the ministry of internal affairs and communications has set up a new shinsei that controls the procurement amount of return goods to the local products, as the amount of return items is less than 30 % of the amount of money to prevent the excessive competition between the municipality
The City is " planning to be a member store of local products, etc as a member store, and it is in the range of guidelines
Setouchi City's 18 furusato tax is about 4 million yen.
Japanese Army, men's hundred finals, World Athletics 2TH DAY | Shizuoka newspaper at s
Men's 100 Meter Semi-Finals Start Sani Brown Haram (left).
Couldn't go to the finals = Doha (co)
100 m men's semi-finals goal Kiryu Xiang (left).
[Doha co] The 2th of the world championship of athletics is held on the 28th in Doha, and the men's 100 Meter Semi-finals in the semi-final of the boys, and the sani brown ha (USA Florida) and takahiro koike (works), Kiryu Xiang Soo (Naoharu) did not advance to the first finals of the Japanese forces.
Japan Record Holder Sani Brown has 5 Pairs 15 in 10 seconds, koike is 10 seconds 28, 2 PAIRS 7, kiryu is 10 seconds I stayed 3 pairs in 16
----------------------- I missed the finals both of them.
Driving in high heels is dangerous!
There are many accidents on young people's pedals (Auto Messe Web) - yahoo! News
Violation of road traffic law
There is a big mistake to think that it is only a problem with the elderly drivers, such as the pedal of the pedal.
The number of accidents in the sixties (National Police agency data), which is the 1080th and 1032th of the 24th of the 24th of the 24th of the 24th of the 2015th of the 75th of the 75th of the I'm here.
Stepping mistakes are never a lot of elderly, but it's important to be careful of the young people.
Take your feet fashionable?
Take the safety?
There is no description of gender ratio or cause in this data, but it is different from the elderly who are considered to have a lot of body fading, such as driving skills and reflexes, and the young people are distracted by the music and conversation. I accidentally think of mistakes, attire, etc.
In particular, women have high heels, pumps, sandals, mules, and the clothes of the day, and some people are driving as they are.
Some people know it's not suitable for driving, but some people say it's troublesome to change it, but there are many people who don't think about the possibility of being able to lead to danger, and there are many people who drive without offense.
However, driving in high heels and sandals is in conflict with road traffic law.
One thing is " to reliably manipulate the handle, brake, and other operations " and the article 70 that is defined as " do not drive the accident to the person who is going to hurt you " article 70 " violation of safety driving obligation "
And the other is the article 71 that the driver must comply with the matters provided by the prefectural public safety commission, " violation of the public safety commission " for example, in the enforcement regulations of the Miyazaki Prefecture Road traffic law. Article 12 (12) a vehicle (excluding a light vehicle) is worn by wearing footwear in a way that is likely to hinder the operation of slippers, cramp, high heels, and other driving operations that can prevent driving operations.) don't drive. " there is a sentence.
Both prefectures are the same as the purpose of violating the driving of "footwear that can prevent driving operations" even if it is not stated as high heels.
So why the driving in high heels is dangerous.
It's obvious if you think of the basics on the pedal operation safely.
For Safety and sure pedal operation, first fix the heel of the foot to the floor and put your feet vertically against the brake pedal, and when stepping on the accelerator pedal, it will tilt the foot to the right as a fulcrum.
At this time, it is important to keep the heel fixed and fixed regardless of the behavior of the car.
However, in high heels, the area where the heel is grounding on the floor is small, and it is always wobbly, and it has an angle on the whole foot in the height of the heels, and the area of the foot that grounding the pedal is also small. I can't take it properly, it's going to be hard to adjust the fine.
This is considered to lead to danger.
In addition, most cars have floor carpet, but this material is easy to catch heels of heels, and when it comes to a sudden brake, the heels are stuck, and the pedal is stuck, and the heels are stuck in the beat, and the high heels are off. Sometimes you can't get stuck in the back of the pedal.
In addition, there is a case that the heels were stuck in the back of the pedal when I was getting the pedal back, and the accelerator pedal disappeared.
Toyota, Subaru to the membership application related company, new awd cars, 86 / brz next models, etc. ACCELERATE CO-Development (response) - yahoo! News
Toyota motors and Subaru (Subaru) have agreed to new business capital partnership on September 27
Toyota adds a subaru stock to be related to the application of the membership law.
Two companies have been working on the cooperation of Toyota Vehicle Brokerage Production, Toyota from Toyota to Subaru, and co-development of fr sports car " 86 " and " BRZ " (in Japanese) I made it.
In June this year, we have agreed to tackle the EV-exclusive platform and ev vehicle development using Subaru's AWD (All-wheel drive) Technology and Toyota electric technology.
Toyota adds subaru stock in business capital partnership that we agreed to this time.
The Subaru stock that toyota is currently holding is 16.83 % of the voting rights ratio, but it has been added until it reaches 20 %
Subaru will be the related company of Toyota's membership law.
Meanwhile, Subaru gets toyota stock equivalent to the amount that toyota has taken for the acquisition of Subaru Stock (800 billion 円上 limited).
Both companies develop and strengthen cooperation in business capital partnership.
AWD models and 86 / BRZ NEXT MODEL CO-development, expansion of ths (Toyota Hybrid System) to Subaru Cars, cooperation in the a area, and technical cooperation in the self-driving field.
Rice, refugee acceptance, minimum 3 years in a row, 1 THOUSAND | Shizuoka newspaper at s
[Washington Co] the us ministry of affairs is 26 days, 2020 fiscal year (October 19 to September 20, 8) the limit of refugees from all over the world is 1 thousand people. I have announced a policy to reduce.
Update the minimum number of years after 1980, which has been enacted by refugee law, in a row of 3 years.
The Trump administration aims to promote next year's presidential election and appeal strict immigration refugee policy to the conservative layer.
It is inevitable that the human rights organization and others will be criticized while there are no people who are chased by the country in various places.
Obama's pre-Administration Set the limit of 17 to 11 million people, but the trump administration that was inaugurated in January 17 overturned this and reduced to 5 million people.
In fiscal year 18, 4 thousand and 19 are reduced to 3 million each year.
The Ministry of health, labor and welfare has been confirmed to be raised or free at the authorized daycare facility: Reuters what is the electronic version
The Ministry of health, labor and welfare has been confirmed at the non-authorized daycare facility before the free of children's education daycare starting in October, and the ministry of health, labor and welfare will be on the 28th by the 28th. I have confirmed that there is no similar case in the cabinet order city, and I have been notified in the document to teach the need.
According to the ministry of health, labor and welfare, there are many facilities that are going to pull up only the 3-Year-old use of the 3-Year-old, and the facilities that have been raised since October
There was also a complaint in the call center for the free-to-be installed by cabinet office.
The Ministry of health, labor and welfare is "the raised without a reason"
"D-8" the torch of the 100th National Sports tournament was burned in dokdo = South Korea (Daily Japanese version) - yahoo! News
The Torch to inform the 100th National Sports Tournament (All National Sports) at the end of Republic of Korea (Doc, Japan Takeshima) has burned.
Seoul city will be at 6 am on the 26th at 6 am on the th of the 26th of the 26th of the th of the th of the th of the th of the th of the th of the th of the yes.
It's been 15 years since the 85th competition held at zhōng (Chun-Wook) in 2004, which was ignited by the torch of the National Sports tournament in dokdo.
After a peaceful kite performance, Seoul City Council Kim Sung Fan Vice-Chairman read the declaration sentence.
Vice-President Kim has been standing in dokdo for the past 99 years of the National Sports tournament to honor the hard will of ethnic suicide. 100 years ago, our people were in the middle of a 100-Year-old movement. I want to add a history of 100 years of National Sports Competition, with the shining history of the republic of Korea.
Ulleungdo County Neck Greeting also continued.
Kim Byung Ulleungdo County's neck says, " recently, I have been harsh with my economy for no reason in Japan, and dokdo claims that dokdo is the territory of the country the nation through this time's National Sports competition. I emphasized that I should overcome this as one
The Vice President Kim and Kim County neck have continued to fire the torch.
The Torch was passed to the first runner-up, HOA-Seok, and o-Joseph, the first runner, after the hand of the chief of cheol, Seoul City, the leader of the torch.
This time, the dokdo torch ignition event was scheduled for the 21th, but it was postponed to this day in kitakami, typhoon no. 17
In January of this year, Captain Wong Wong, who worked in dokdo, " I'm lonely and hard, but I'm working with pride that everyone can't protect my territory sports tournament 100 I'm honored to be able to participate as a runner for the torch relay with the anniversary of the th anniversary
Captain Hoa has taken from the helicopter landing to the middle of dokdo, and the o from the middle point to the dock.
This torch moved to ulleungdo island to move to Seoul by ulleungdo county people Kim Seong-ho and Kim County neck at kannon bridge in kannon island.
This time the torch started on the 22th from Ganghwa Island (Kanfado) Qiàn Hoshi-Dan.
Since it is the second time, the torch relay will also be held at the largest scale.
The Torch of no (Manisa) Qiàn is going to go around Incheon (Incheon) High Yang (Koh) and suwon (.).
The Torch of ganghwa island is one of the most popular fireworks in Japan.
Meanwhile, the mayor of Seoul (Park Wong-Seung), the mayor of Seoul, is on the 25th, through the Media Briefing, "now it is not a couple of heroes, but the power of collective intelligence is an important era therefore, the basic concept of the National Sports tournament is explained to" many stars
Korea Bulgaria Summit meeting, nuclear power, defense industry, and other cooperation discussions (United News) - yahoo! News
[Seoul United News] President Jae-in, South Korea, talks about the 27th of South Korea, with prime minister borisov of Bulgaria and the blue house (Presidential Office), and the actual cooperation expansion of both countries. Discussed.
This is the first time I've ever seen a prime minister of Bulgaria.
President sentence welcomed teachers who did the 30th anniversary of the establishment of the diplomatic relations next year, and highly rated the leadership of prime minister borisov, leading the development of Bulgaria.
Both leaders have been able to evaluate the point of trade investment between countries and countries in the world, and the economic cooperation is expanding in the future.
The President of the sentence said that Bulgaria is welcome to have a policy to grant the position of "Strategic Investors" to korean companies, and it is expected that the investment of South Korean companies will be promoted to the foundation.
In addition, in the promotion of the introduction of nuclear power and the modernization of defense, South Korea will be able to become a perfect partner in Bulgaria, and I will be interested in how korean companies can participate in the order of nuclear power plants in the Bulgarian government and the promotion of the defense industry. called for cooperation.
In addition, both leaders were able to strengthen future-oriented cooperation in electric car (EV) Battery car parts field and renewable energy field.
Prime Minister borisov hopes that he will have a close cooperation in ICT (information communication technology), science technology, and education field, which South Korea is leading.
It is also discussed about the peace process of the Korean Peninsula, and the president of wen has been grateful for the support of the korean government for the peace of the Korean Peninsula, such as announcing the statement that Bulgaria will support the North-South American Summit. Yes.
Prime Minister Borisov appreciates the will of the president and the korean government's efforts to build the peace system of the Korean Peninsula, and once again shown the position of the Bulgarian Government's firm support.
In the meeting of this day, the secretary of industry and commerce resource department, Mr. Li Hao (a), the chief secretary of the economy, and the chief secretary of the economy, Kim Hyun-John, the national security room of the national security room. 2 Deputy Manager attended.
The second undersecretary of the department of foreign affairs of the ministry of Foreign Affairs (Kang), who was in the middle of the day, attended the 1th undersecretary of the same division.
The local industry of Awaji Island, hyogo, the kinki ceramics of the manufacture of "Awaji Tile" is about 20 billion yen (Empire Databank) - yahoo! News
Due to the slump in housing market, repeated earthquake damage, "consumer tile roof" has also been influenced.
Kinki Ceramics (stock) (TDB COMPANY CODE: 530173983, Capital 9920 million yen, Hyogo Prefecture Awaji City Otani 881-8, representative fukuhara kozo, 44 employees) will be on August 30th. I applied for a quasi-self bankruptcy to the kobe court court.
The application agent is yoshida daichi lawyer (Osaka Prefecture, Osaka City, kita ward, xī tiān mǎn 1-10-8, yoshida daichi law office, phone 06-6365-6038) and 1 others.
Our company was founded in June 28, a tile manufacturer that was reorganized by a corporation in April 36
At First, it was the trade name of kinki ceramics (stock), and started the business as a fumed tile Manufacturer, a local industry of Awaji Island, in Nishi-Light-Cho, Mihara-Gun (current south city).
In October 86, the absorption-type merger of kyowa ceramics (stock) and the business of kinki industry (stock) was succeeded to the current trade name, and the head office was relocated to the current place.
After that, the business base was established in fukuyama city, Hiroshima City, oita city, Miyazaki City, and so on, and it was the current system, and it was the main part of the fumed tile, but due to the change of consumer needs, it is now 70 tile tiles such as tile tiles. It was manufactured at a percentage of 30 % of Japanese tiles such as the " fumed tile " and " fumed tiles
We built a wide range of business foundations in Western Japan, such as major house manufacturers, building building trading companies, and roof construction vendors, and in the December of 2004, the annual sales were about 31 million yen.
He was well known as a tile maker at the top of Awaji Island.
However, due to the damage of the housing market after the riemann shock, the east Japan earthquake, the kumamoto earthquake, etc. has been carried out by the damage of the consumer, and the demand has been carried out, and the sales high of the year of December 2018 is about 13 down to 4500 million yen.
In addition to the decline of the profit rate due to the soaring fuel price, it has become a continuous deficit with the excessive debt debt associated with stock burden and equipment investment, and it has been forced to be a tough fund.
Due to this, it was intended to reconstruct the management of the debt to the financial institution, but there was no sign of recovery in the business, and gradually the funds were slap.
I came here and gave up on the business continuation, and it became a measure of this time.
Debt is currently investigating but it is expected to be about 20 billion yen.
The Prefectural Dinosaur Museum in katsuyama city, Fukui Prefecture, advancing the "industry of tourism" (taken with a drone drone in Japan)
Katsuyama City, Fukui Prefecture, reveals the policy to obtain approximately 2 Square Meters (City town), adjacent to the construction area of the road station "Dinosaur Valley and yama" which opens next spring. I made it.
We aim to attract accommodation-specialized hotels, restaurants, and more to accelerate the "industry of tourism" which is listed in the city and the local economic world.
On the same day, the director explained at the special committee for the council of the city council.
In addition to the opening of the hokuriku shinkansen prefecture in Spring 2023, the central line of the central longitudinal expressway has opened, and the prefectural dinosaur museum (Katsuyama City) is increasing and strengthening the function, and the city is a change from the day-to-day sightseeing to the tourism. The idea of attracting the accommodation to the axis.
Getting is a private unused area next to the road station construction area.
Surrounded by kuzuryu, Waterfall Wave River and prefectural road, there are more than 2 times the size of the road station (about 1 Square meters).
In the pretext of the maintenance of industrial housing complex, the municipal land development corporation has carried out the land negotiations from the year, and after the acquisition of land, it is the construction of the land in 21
According to the city, there is already a question of advancing from a private business operators such as farmers restaurant and harvest experience facilities, fast food, and restaurants.
The accommodation has been revealed to be a city to attract accommodation-specialized hotels adjacent to the road station, which is planned across the country.
R is planning to move to 3 places in Fukui Prefecture, but there are many other cities that can show the intention of attracting it, and it is possible to compete.
In addition, the city is planning the maintenance of the parking lot.
From The Committee, there was an opinion that " the schedule of maintenance is slow " and the voice that seeks speed up, and the nail that " I don't have a land to sleep
The Vice Mayor of water, the vice mayor of " Tourism-themed industrial housing complex " has been positioned as " a tourist-themed industrial housing complex " and " I want to appeal to the dominance of katsuyama city in front of the prefectural dinosaur museum, ski jam katsuyama, etc and the hotel etc. I have shown the idea of all the best to attract.
The 7TH OF THE 7TH OF THE 7TH OF THE 7TH OF THE 7TH OF THE 7TH OF THE 7TH OF THE 7TH OF THE 2th of the 28
An important game where you can get tickets to the hokushinetsu tournament if you win.
Tsuruga Kehi, the only one left at seed school, is meeting with hokuriku.
Tsuruga, who won a huge close-up with fukui commercial in the quarterfinals, clash with feather water on the momentum.
Tsuruga Kehi, which appears in the 1th game, is all cold and cold.
In The 1th round of the asuwa match, the cast was hit.
In The 2th round of the takefu industrial match, naoki kasajima, who was active in koshien this summer, pitched 5 innings, and showed the dignity of ace.
The row has 15 hits in the quarterfinals of the quarterfinals, and it is a complete position to stand against hokuriku.
[Team Introduction] tsuruga kehi - koshien battery axis
The Hokuriku region is getting more and more popular with the game.
In the second round, fujishima ended up with fujishima, and he was able to get away with a 1-point difference.
In The 2th round, the mikata was caught up, and won the same 1 points.
In the quarterfinals, the row exploded and broke the seed sakai with cold.
The throwing is coming up, and I want to get a ticket for hokushinetsu in this flow.
[Team Introduction] Hokuriku - a row with explosive power
Tsuruga, who appears in the 2th game, has won the battery mainly and wins in baseball.
In The 1th round of wakasa match, the pitcher was defeated by a minimum run.
2 rounds of takefu match in the second round.
In the quarterfinals, the seed fukui commercial and 10-9 were a big close-up, but it should have strengthened the confidence of the school.
Feather water also wants to win the weapon in the weapons.
[Team Introduction] tsuruga - win the battery axis
Meanwhile, feather water was defeated by the first match, the seed fukui university of fukui.
In the momentum of the momentum, we won a reversal of the 4th batter from the painful expansion.
The Director also says "the power of destruction" is a must-see for the semi-finals.
[Team Introduction] Feather Water - destructive the row
▼ quarter finals (September 28)
Tsuruga kehi - hokuriku (10 am)
Tsuruga - Feather Water (0 PM)
Canoe, a paid article that Japanese forces miss the semifinals
Taekwondo, Takashi Matsui is 2th place paid article
Bitpoint has leaked the crypto assets worth 30 billion yen, to resume the service (Phantom Winter Gold Online) - yahoo! News
In July this year, the crypto asset exchange "Bitpoint" has been leaked to 30 billion yen, including Bitcoin (BTC).
Bitcoin Japan, Inc. Has announced to resume the sending of crypto assets on September 30
It seems to have been a certain prospect, including the anti-Prevention Policy.
July LEAKED Bitcoin and ripple in July this year!
Bitcoin Exchange, Inc. is planning to reopen the service on the 27th of September 30 (Mon) about the send (REMITTANCE) service of crypto assets. He announced.
In addition to the customer's support and interaction with the financial services agency, there is a certain prospect of a certain prospect including the anti-Prevention Policy, such as the management management system, including the security side.
Bit Point Japan is saying " the safety is first, and the service is promptly restarted and strive to restore trust from users
In July this year, there was an illegal outflow incident of 30 billion yen, including Bitcoin (BTC) and ripple (XRP).
In The Press Conference after that, regarding the survival of the business, " even if you minus the compensation, there is a balance of the current deposit of approximately 30 billion yen as a aim for the top priority of the user's protection, we aim to resume the service promptly I was referring.
※ this article was published on September 27, 2019 at " Ethlend
A contract with the 2th club of the career of "Messi XIII" born by Israel (sport. ES) - yahoo! News
Guy Surin, who joined barca at the age of 12, was once called "Messi XIII" from the great play and style that he often shows.
It's been a long time, guy surin, who turns 28, has joined a new team that will be the third club in his professional career.
The Pearl of the talent buried lantern
As Ann. collects attention around the world, there is a lot of downfall in the soccer world, and there is a very effective example of the warning that " there is no need to rush
The owner of extraordinary technology, but ath, who was abandoned from the luck necessary to hold success, exchanged a 2-year contract with Poly-Palm, who belongs to the Romanian 1 League League.
Blue and white team color team is now on the 5th in league.
Guy Surin decorated the top debut of barca at the age of 18 and half a year at the king's cup kol leone in the 2009/10 Season.
But after the end of the season, I lifted the contract with Barca, and the long journey of surin started from there.
He didn't belong to the same team for more than 2 seasons.
Manchester City, Brighton and hove Albion (rental from the city), Racing Santander, Elk, Majorca, ha Tel Aviv, mackerel, Kyla Almaty, and now poly-Palm starts again career in the same mf from Israel. A new club that gave me the opportunity to make it.
35 % of the municipality of the 35 % of the 35 % of the 35 % of the 35th municipality of the 35th of the 35th of the
"family support center business" survey result of a press conference. Bereaved Family (right) = 27th afternoon, Osaka prefectural government
35 % of the cities in the city of " family support center business " (Famitsu) connecting the children who want to temporarily deposited their children, and the " family support center business " (Famitsu), will strengthen their safety measures. On the 27th, I found out in private survey.
The bereaved families of daycare accidents say "the country should make a strict standard" before it is subject to the free of children's education and daycare since October.
A network of parents and experts who lost their children in an accident during daycare, "network without a serious accident of daycare" has been investigated for 921 municipalities.
There was an answer from the 274 municipality.
The outline of the country is only required for aid members to enroll emergency courses.
Darvish this season, "uneven in life ever" (East Sports Web) - yahoo! News
[from st. Louis, mo, 27 (Japan time 28th)]
The possibility of the playoffs is extinguished, and the Cubs (33) of the cubs, who have finished the pitched of the season, are in accordance with the interview, and they have not done anything for about 2 days. I just told you that there is no one to watch baseball (from the bench) in a state of no purpose.
This season has started for 31 games, 6 wins, 8 Losses, and the defense rate was 3 98, but I threw 2/3 times 178 and strikes out 229
Especially in the second half of the game, the pitching form was stable, and continued to toying with the opponent's hitter with excellent power ball and overwhelming ball.
"now it's definitely uneven in life ever. No way I was 33 and I didn't expect it to feel like that. In Spring, I thought" I'm going to finish this too, but I feel like I can't believe that I've come back from there and I can't believe it even myself there it is.
I was gradually able to get the challenge from around the beginning of June.
" there are more things I can do every day, and I have increased what I can do once a day
There was trial and error, but by challenging the hypothesis that I made myself, it has become a lot of condition, and the grades are getting better with it.
"I was thrown without entering the list of injuries through 1" was also confident.
Darvish has the right to opt out of the contract after the end of this season, "I have to think about it. Even though I'm talking about the agent and the family, I basically say," I don't have any complaints about this team and it's fun
The final conclusion is not out, but the feeling is hard.
Yonezawa-Lotus has reached 2TH PLACE IN THE 1th place. Kanaya Taku is actually 12th place / Asian Flax (Golf Digest Online (Gdo)) - yahoo! News
Hinako Hinako got a cow head
Break Wind Red (Australia) from first place plays 5 Birdy, 4 BOGEY "71"
Protected the seat in total 10 under.
The 2th place in the th place of the th place of the th of the 1TH OF THE 1TH OF THE 1th of the th of the th of the th of the th of people put it on.
The other Japanese forces played the 5th place in the katsura-gawa river manned (NICHIDAI 3) from the 9th place in "70" and raised the rank to the 5th place.
The 1th place of the amateur world ranking, Kanaya Kanaya (Tohoku Welfare University 3) and Yuta Nakajima (Japan Sports University 1) is the 3TH PLACE IN THE 3th place.
Hayao Yoshihara (California, Los Angeles) is 2 UNDER 2
Kengo Aoshima (Wei Forest Dai) has passed the preliminaries at 9 OVER 9
&lt; day 2 Japanese grades &gt; 2 T /-9 / Yonezawa Lotus 5 T /-5 / katsuragawa manned 12 T /-3 / Kanaya Kanaya, nakajima kedo 16 T /-2 / Yoshiwara Shunta 59 T /+ 9 / kengo aoshima
&lt; saga heavy rain support circle &gt; Famous Noodles "Soumen" Operation Co-operation, victims of the victims | TOWN TOPIC | SAGA NEWSPAPER NEWS | Saga newspaper live
Children enjoying the soul food "Soumen" in omachi on the way home from the bath = Omachi town general welfare center misato
The " Omachi Ramen Management Council " which is made in the store that offers the famous noodles of Omachi-Cho, " the omachi ramen management council " (Representative of kensuke suzu) is the 25th of the 25th of the 25th of the 25th of the 25th of the 25th of I acted " Soumen " at center misato.
A loved soul food from the time of the 杵島 coal mines, cheered up the affected people.
" what we can do is make ramen and eat it
4 restaurants and restaurants on the menu made a meal and brought them to the shelter with onigiri.
Ginger-conditioned beef bone soup with thin noodle udon noodles, with a lot of ingredients such as pork (head) meat, shrimp, and vegetables.
Not only those who are in the shelter, but also for those who came to the bath that the self-Defense Force has set, they also offered "taste of omachi"
"I've been a fan since I was young, but it's been 1 years since I've eaten it. The first time I've ever been to a man ( 66 ) and a man who has been moving around 1 years ago delicious. This time I want to go to the store to eat" 20 years old and 22 years old.
The Vice-Representative of Kenichi Wisteria, who has finished cooking, has also arrived, and he has been sending energy to " I will be able to go back to everyday life
&lt; 1 years since the eastern earthquake, the "smoldering corks" directly connected to the water pipe, even when it is power outage, is going to be installed in hakodate apartment: Reuters, what is the electronic version
Measures are going on in hakodate city, which has been caused by the blackout of the entire blackout (blackout) due to the iburi eastern earthquake in September last year.
According to the water and water department of the City Corporate Bureau, 7 BUILDINGS IN 1 years after the earthquake set up a "smoldering corks" that can be water even if it is out of power.
There are about 400 buildings and private housing in the city that are water supply in the "fish tank ceremony" which is likely to water outage during the power outage, and the same part is calling for countermeasures..
The Water Supply method of housing is greatly divided, and there are two "Directly-connected expressions" that are directly water-watering from the city's drain to the house.
Even if the water pipe is not damaged, it is not possible to water the water, but it will not be able to water the water, and the house will be water outage.
Training in preparation for distress (Aomori Prefecture) (qīng sēn fàng sòng) - yahoo! News
The training to search and rescue people who have been shipwrecked before the fall mushroom picking season has been held in shingo village.
60 people participated in the training held at hirako forest park in shingo village, including police, fire, and hunting friends.
In the opening ceremony, chief chief of the five-door police station called " I want you to be diligent to collaborate and train
★ Takahashi Regional Chief Declaration "we will start the mountain training rescue training"
Training was done for a man who went to the mushroom picking casing and didn't come home even if it was night.
The participants are divided into two teams, calling the name of the man who has been missing, and searching inside the mountains.
In Shingo Village, a 70-Year-old man who entered the mountain for wild vegetables has been missing in June, and he is rescued in the state of the next day.
We found a man who was injured in training, and he was preparing for a fall mushroom picking season that was easy to get shipwrecked from search to go down and down on the stretcher.
Hidetoshi Nishijima, at the "Chivalry Gakuen" team drinking party in drunk?
Teamwork excellent first day stage greeting (Movie Walker) - yahoo! News
The first day greeting of " Chivalry Gakuen " which was a movie of the popular novel " was " by konno konno was held on September 27 at toho cinemas shinjuku, hidetoshi nishijima, toshiyuki nishida, junshi ito, Akira Nakao, and kimura kimura the director will make a presentation.
As a special guest, the original konno rushed, " I love this movie! (play in nishijima). Which one is the village of the day, and it is cool to see every scene. As long as I'm jealous I gave a big love to the finished creation, and the performers gave me a smile.
[Photo View] Hidetoshi Nishijima's drinking party is revealed!
"Chivalry Gakuen" first day of the stage greeting
This is a story of a yakuza, a yakuza, who has no eyes on social contributions, and the boss of the zena group, taking care of the reconstruction of high school on the verge of bankruptcy, and solving a lot of challenges in humane-in-law.
It's an an, but it's the day of the th of the th of the th of the th of the th of the th of the th of the th of the
West Island is ecstatic to see " I've been nervous until today
" even after the shooting period, even after the shooting, this member has been gathered so often, he has been a team of very unity
Ito also laughed at " there was a drinking party that didn't reflect at all it was very plus to the site that I could make that kind of time. Teamwork is getting better, motivation goes up. It's been a long time since I've been in the middle of a long time, and I'm going to have a lot of good memories I was revealed that I had a valuable time.
In the story about the drinking party, the surprising face of West Island was also revealed.
West Island " I drank too much when I was doing a reflection with this member. A lot of things I don't remember about half
Nishida said, " I don't know what it's like to be a drunk, but I don't know what it's like to be a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of I was so impressed that I was a really good drunk, and I was invited to laugh at the venue.
It is a work that has nurtured a good teamwork, and nishida says, " if you have a good reputation, you might be able to become a series. I was so frustrated that I was able to borrow the power of everyone and work hard towards the series, and ito also said, " I feel like I'm going to have a series too nakao also said, " I watched the movie, and nishida was singing, so I was frustrated. I want to sing this time, and I want to sing this time, and director kimura said, " I have already decided the sequel in my house I was in a big applause.
Prefectural fishing ren " the start of discussion for the authentic operation " Chairman Yamazaki's remarks of the marine release, also " Iwaki people's official homepage "
Due to the fukushima daiichi nuclear power plant accident, it became a policy to clarify the discussion of the full-scale operation in the district, etc. On the test operation of the fishery in the coast of Fukushima prefecture.
The Union Chief meeting of the prefectural fishing association (Fisheries Cooperative Association) was held on the 27th at the prefectural Fisheries Hall in iino, chuo taichung, and the president of the prefecture was present, and the chairman of the field was "prefectural fishing" as a ren, I need a flow towards the authentic operation. I want you to collect a representative and start a discussion
In The Union Council, it was also approved to officially add to the subject fish species of the test operation regarding rockfish, Sakura Trout, and mura soi, which was cancelled in the order of shipping restrictions.
Marine products outside of the target have become the 2 fish species of tavares and common castrol.
After the end of the day, the president of field will be stressed that the start of the authentic operation is undecided according to the press coverage.
" Keren-flavored discussion is a problem with the processing water after cleanse the pollution water of Fukushima daiichi nuclear power plant. The opposition to the ocean is not changing and the remarks of the former environmental phase of yoshiaki harada and the mayor of Osaka City, Ichiro Matsui.
In the discussion of the authentic operation, the chief of the egawa chapter of Iwaki City (Fisheries Cooperative) pointed out that "I need to siphon opinions from the bottom" and respect the intention of the partners.
It is said that the office of the branch of the branch of the branch of the branch of the branch of the branch of the branch of the branch of the branch of the branch of the branch of the branch
The head of the union of soma futaba fishermen says, " in addition to the fishery, it is necessary to argue with the broker
At soma futaba fishermen, we received the support of the country, and next year we will have 7 new shipbuilding, " first of all, it is important to bring back the catch quantity, and it is in parallel with the discussion of the authentic operation, and it is going forward to the environmental maintenance. I showed the idea of going.
Driving and smoking manners improvement street activity Karatsu Tobacco Sales Cooperative | TOWN TOPIC | SAGA NEWSPAPER NEWS | Saga newspaper live
A partner who drives safely to driver = Waseda saga middle school in dongseong, karatsu city
In conjunction with " Autumn Traffic Safety Prefectural movement the karatsu tobacco sales cooperative went on a street activity in the city road in the city of waseda, karatsu, in the city of karatsu, karatsu city.
About 10 members of the union members participated and called a driver driving safely.
The participants gave their drivers a flyer, A Ballpoint Pen, and so on, saying " please drive safely
In order to ban tobacco littering, I also gave my phone ashtray together, and I also complained about improving smoking manners.
Kumamoto Wisteria Period (80) in the same union has many accidents every year, and these days, there are more tailgate driving. I said I want you to protect your manners and take care and drive
"Beauty and ugly" is a fine line?
The image of the "Snake" that overlaps the beautiful girls of Kazuo Kazuo (mag) - yahoo! News
The mysterious beauty and the expression of shadow in common?
From The 1950's to the world, the " Kazuo Kazuo Girl Collection " (Genko), which is known as the trailblazer of " fear manga " is known as the trailblazer of the " fear manga " (in Japanese) released in August
When you're looking at it, you'll once again be noticed by the correlation between " Beauty " and " fear " of kazuo kazuo.
[image] is it attractive because there is a "Shadow"
The beautiful girls of Kazuo Umezu (5 Pieces)
In The Prologue of the " beautiful girl collection there was a sentence that " the shocking scene of fear, ugliness, and the shocking scene of the story is the beauty of the girls in opposite but the beautiful face is distortion, there is a contrast to the expression of grudge with a deep grudge... because there is a contrast, it may be more " fear "
There is a keyword called " Snake " in the works of kazuo kazuo, but the snake is caught as a " spooky creature " by the person who sees it, and there are people who feel " beautiful " and there are many ways to receive it.
Some people like reptiles in the world, and some people are not really good at it.
So, by the sensitivity of the person who sees it, " Beauty " and " ugly " may be the " Snake " of the two sides.
This creature is worshiped as a creature that is more spiritual than ancient times, and the house where the "White Snake" settled is said to be good omen.
The " Snake " subject to the umezu works, 1965 " Mum is scared! There is a series of " Serpent girls " and " still girls
It's the price of a beautiful woman who is roughly a "Serpent woman" (in Japanese)
Can you say it's a "Cool Tea" type if you say something about it... I feel like it's the common point of the beautiful girls who appear in the umezu works.
Among other things, the main role of " Orochi " which was serialized in " Shonen Sunday " from 1969 is a beautiful girl who can say the representative of the umezu works, but the eternal life and the eternal youth. to keep a deep sleep every hundred years, a part with a mysterious power, will be reminiscent of " snake
7 students of Xavier High School courtesy of Mayor [SANYO ONODA] | ube nippo this town media web
The 7 people studying abroad at Xavier High (principal hideki matsubara) visited the mayor of Sanyo Onoda City, tsuyoshi fujita on the 26th.
Students talked about what they want to do during their stay, and mayor fujita encouraged to send a meaningful school life.
High School Students (15-17 years old) came to Japan last month using the "Asian bridge project" of the ministry of mext.
6 girls from China, Cambodia, Mongolia, Thailand, Indonesia and Malaysia are living in the dormitory of the school, and spend 8 months.
Turkish boys send school life for 10 months while homestay.
The students who visited the city hall introduce themselves in Japanese.
About the impression of the city if you take a walk, people who don't know will also greet you. A quiet and pleasant town
I also said, " I want to see mt. Fuji while I'm in Japan
In addition, the girls who are living in dorm have a chance to interact with their host family, and they are excited to be able to participate in the library festival with volunteers.
Mayor Fujita " I want you to be proactive and loaded with various experience experiences. Next month, I was calling my friends and host family to participate in the Halloween event in the city of san park.
Vice Minister Yamamoto, the eve of the explanation of the meal tweet removal helicopter crash | Shizuoka newspaper at s
Tomomi Yamamoto, Deputy Minister of defense, posted a comment with a photo of the defense officer of iwata, and deleted the twitter screen.
The Deputy Minister of defense, Tomohiro Yamamoto, deleted the twitter comment that he wrote "delicious" when he ate at the yakitori shop in saga prefecture.
The Yamamoto clan was in the same prefecture on the 26th to explain the results of the accident that the ground self-Defense Force Battle helicopter crashed in February last year in kanzaki city, same prefecture.
On the night of the same day, "I went to saga prefecture on a business trip!" and tweet.
I posted a comment with a photo of the ministry of defense, iwata, and the defense officer of the prefecture who attended the meal.
In accident, a girl who was in the house was injured, and 2 members were dead.
The Yamamoto clan was elected in the southern kanto region for the 4TH TIME IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
[KOSHIYAMA WAKAMIZU] the circle of "Children's restaurant" which is free or inexpensive for children is spreading across the country.
3700 places across the country are active this year according to an investigation of npo etc.
Compared to 2018, it increased to 6 times, and in Fukui Prefecture, there were 24 places in the last year.
Why is it a kid's restaurant now
▼ president of npo and social activist makoto yuasa told the background and significance at the lecture held in sakai city.
The area is going to be lonely with the aging of declining, and the shopping district is also in decline.
There is no place for people to meet.
"the exchange base of the area where people and people are fureai"
▼ children's dining room is a "Multi-Generation Exchange place" that will participate in the elderly too.
It is not only to eliminate the food, but it leads to parenting support and the health of the elderly.
Cut the chain of poverty and cheer up the area.
The important thing is "don't create a child that will be flick from there"
▼ various places to eat every day from 1 times a month.
The Scale is from several to hundreds, and the venue is also a variety of people from the private house to the temple.
The atmosphere that people who want to do is able to do it.
The low of such a threshold is attractive.
It's just difficult to secure the management expenses and staff.
Sometimes we hear challenges such as safe management systems
▼ however, " the values of a lot of people change the values the society of the society is the safety net of the disaster, etc yuasa-San.
It looks like the light of hope in the closed society.
The final day of the autumn hokushinetsu district high school baseball fukui prefecture tournament will be held on September 29 at the prefectural stadium (Fukui City) and the 3th place.
In the finals, tsuruga, aiming for the first time in 4 years in the fall competition, will fight tsuruga kehi for the first time in 36 years.
Seed school tsuruga kehi wins 3 matches in a row of cold wins.
In the semi-finals with hokuriku, ace kasajima won a victory with a pitching that tighten the key points.
The row is 13 hits, and the finals are also going to cover the pitcher.
Tsuruga won from no seed.
The quarter finals were a close-up with 1 points, and in the semi-finals with feather water, they were able to get a preemptive point with a squeeze, and they were able to get away with 3
Even in the finals, I want to connect my chance to the score.
The 1th place of the hokushinetsu tournament has been held, and the 3th place has been decided. Hokuriku Feather Water.
Hokuriku is a disturbance in the beginning of the semi-Finals, and the forts and bundt are disrupted, but I want to fix it in the 3th place
On the other hand, feather water was a strong defeat in the fukui university of fukui, and now it is the attention of the competition.
Be sure to win the hokushinetsu in the 3th place playoff.
■ Game of September 29th
▽ Prefectural Stadium 3th place playoff match hokuriku - feather water (10 am) final tsuruga kehi - tsuruga (1 PM) * time is scheduled to start
Tsuruga has been feather water for the first time in 21 years.
Tsuruga kehi to pass hokuriku. Hokushinetsu ticket
Rugby Japan, a paid article in the best 8th place in the past
Basketball Japan girls paid for Asian cup finals
Sharp home appliances, yoshimoto comedians in PR Osaka for comedy Grand Prix | Shizuoka newspaper at s
" Sharp PR-1 Grand Prix " laughter combination " hime fall " = 27th, Osaka city
The final of the contest " Sharp PR-1 Grand Prix " was held in namba, Osaka on the 27th, the contest of " Sharp PR-1 Grand Prix " which was the most well-introduced comedian
Sharp and yoshimoto kogyo's co-opening has been qualifying since July.
It is a strategy to convey the charm of the product in a professional story and like sharp home appliances for comedy fans.
The finals at the yoshimoto manzai theatre.
About 250 spectators watched the 4-group fight from around 200 groups.
The winning "Hime-fall" is a young combination that has frequently introduced sharp products in Ehime Prefecture's roebuck store.
A little bit of the strengths of the AC, and wrapped the venue in laughter.
Sagami Sagami Otsuka Station 7000 Type 12000 Photoshoot (railway com) - yahoo! News
Sagami Railway, as a commemorative event for the sagami jr direct line, "November 30th Sagami Jr mutual direct! 7000-Type 12000-type photoshoot in sagami otsuka" held.
The location of the event is located in the sagami otsuka station.
In addition to the 7000-Type 12000-type photoshoot, the 7000-type car has been released, and the sale of the 7000-type last run commemorative goods, and the release of the commemorative admission ticket is implemented.
Commemorative Goods Sales items (Price) are metal key holders (700 yen), can badge (450 yen), clear file (300 yen), etc.
The number of sales is limited to 500 key holders, limited to 300 can badges, only 1,000 clear files.
New 8 models of " Air Force 1 " Including NBA collaboration and " Gore-Tex " are now available (Wwd Japan. com)
" Nike (Nike) " has been popular as a sneaker representing brands since the release of 1982, and the new 8 models of " Air Force 1 (Air Force 1) " are now available from October. On Sale.
8 models in the model are for women, Nike Women's footwear senior creative director jōjīna James (Georgina James), " women are diverse existence and seek unique things different from others " as speaking, there is an update on the experience of the collection " the one rii " (released in 2018) from the woman's perspective.
[image] THE NEW 8 models of " Air Force 1 " are available now, including NBA collaboration and " Gore-Tex " Models (in Japanese)
The "Air Force 1 NBA Pack" collaboration with NBA is now available in 2 types of low cut and high cut.
The low cut is the color ring of the NBA Color Red, yellow, black and Navy, and the high cut is expanded with the 3 Team's uni color, including the Los Angeles Lakers (Los Angeles Lakers).
The NBA Logo is on the heels and choux, and the satin fabric is used in the upper rear, and the bash is the first time to design the bi-color.
The price is 1 Yen including tax, and it will be released on October 1th.
The "Air Force 1 Bash Pack" is designed by the words and logos of the bash as well as the word.
It's a attention that the choux part that is supposed to be the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who
"Air Force 1 Shadow" characterized by the shadow of the shadow, the side of the side, and each di is double like a shadow.
The Outsole is thicker and higher than the original, but by hollow the center, the woman is happy to be lightweight.
The price is 1 Yen including tax, and it will be released on October 3th.
The real culprit who attacked Saudi Arabia oil facility (Friday) - yahoo! News
" the Iranian drone " Ava beer " used in the bombing of this time has been exponentially improved by analyzing the drone of the us army that crashed in recent years.
It can be manufactured inexpensive, and the range is about 1000 km.
It's the strength to be caught by radar to fly low " (press cameraman toru yokota)
On September 14, the largest oil facility in Saudi Arabia, "SAUDI ALAM" was bombed by two military drones.
Right after this, Yemen's anti-government organization "Phu" has announced a statement of crime.
"There's no doubt that the one behind the phu is Iran led by President Rouhani. Iran can't tolerate that Saudi Arabia is making money with crude oil under a situation where the country can't export crude oil. If you continue the embargo of crude oil against Iran, it is aim to inform the international society with the pain that comes with it" (International Political Analyst Mr. Sugawara)
Being bombed, half of Saudi Arabia's oil production stopped and crude oil price recorded 15 % of skyrocket.
There is also a voice that the oil oil will return.
"Trump wants us to avoid military intervention, no matter what, until the end of next year's election is over. As you understand, Iran will continue to drone bombing on the phu. It's just that the us can't resist forever. In the future, trump is likely to decide to attack Iran" (Mr. Sugawara)
Us and Iran's "taker war" has a crisis of explosive.
The reason why super personality youtuber became full-time.
Ask the president who adopted (Bizspa!
9/27 (Fri) 8:47 delivery
A Youtuber who is now a tremendous popularity of youth.
There are some companies that have started a rare workings of "Youtuber Recruitment" which is used as a full-time job in the company.
Direct Marketing Mix (below, dmmix), a company that is the main business of corporate CRM (Customer-related management).
What the hell is going on with " hiring a youtuber
I'm a representative director of dmmix, and this time, I listened to Mr. Kobayashi Kobayashi, who was a representative of the subsidiary staff, who actually was adopted by the youtuber.
I want to support young people with a youtuber
- - what does "Youtuber Recruitment" look like in the first place?
Kobayashi Meguro (below, Kobayashi): now the profession of youtuber is the longing of many young people.
Elementary school students are in the top of the profession ranking that they want to be in the future, and the young people who are aiming for the future are getting more and more.
Even so far, we have adopted and cheered young people chasing dreams such as band man and comedian.
In the same way, it is "Youtuber Recruitment" to adopt and support young people chasing the dream of becoming a youtuber.
- - a youtuber has an image that individuals are voluntarily posting videos, but why did they think about " hiring
Kobayashi: while many young people admire the profession of youtuber, most youtuber has a reality that they can't give money like they thought.
There are not many creators who are working on a part-time job, and a creator who is posting a video, and a family who can't recognize a youtuber.
In This initiative, we provide the creator who adopted the environment for salary and content production.
At First, we are thinking about supporting our activities by supporting the disadvantages of the profession of a youtuber who is going to be a unstable position.
Environmental girl "fighting a safe future" protest all over the world, 2 weeks in a row | Shizuoka newspaper at s
Greta to (Central), who participated in protest demo in Eastern Montreal, Canada on the 27th (Reuters = CO)
[New York Co] A Swedish girl, Greta to (16) who sue global warming measures, will participate in protest demo in Eastern Montreal, Canada on the 27th, and emphasize "continue to fight for a safe future" I did.
Youth protests on this day continued in Asian countries, including Europe and the us.
A massive protest in response to Greta's calling is 2 weeks in a row following the 20th.
Greta met with Prime Minister Trudeau in Canada on the 27th.
Mr. Trudeau, who usually appeal to the enthusiastic attitude of warming countermeasures, will also participate in the demo March.
But Greta, after meeting, was dry with "clearly lack of action" about Mr. Trudeau.
"South Korea wants to go back to gsomia" U.S. Secretary of service (Sankei Shimbun) - yahoo! News
Na U.S. Secretary of State Affairs (Korea, Japan), on the 27th, in the City Ambassador's residence in the city of Japan, according to the interview of the sankei shimbun, the Japan-Korea military information comprehensive protection agreement (Gsomia) " I hope that South Korea will reconsider the decision to discard and come back
It is unusual for us officials to mention gsomia discard and reconsider.
Gsomia is the foundation of Japan-Korea, Japan-U.S. and Korea-Korea to share the missile launch information and more.
South Korea will be notified of discard the agreement with Japan in August, and the framework to protect military information in Japan-Korea will collapse.
Na claims " I can't cope with crisis without gsomia
" there is time until the expiry strongly urged the return of Korea.
In the middle of the sea of Japan, a joint flight training that was implemented in July is " first time in history " and it is a threat to the threat, " the us-Korea day, which shares values of democracy and human rights, is co-owned in alliance relations it's essential to be
Recently, the deterioration of Korea's relationship is "hurt the us national interests"
While saying "there is no intention of brokerage I said," Japan-Korea will play a positive role to fill the separation
(Yusuke Hirata)
Tokai Village critical accident, 20 in 30 days nuclear facility trouble 3 hundred: Reuters what's the electronic version
In Japan's nuclear history, the th year of the th of the th of the th of the th of the th of the th of the th of the th of the th of the th of the th of the th on the 28th, I went up to the case, and I found out about the nuclear regulation agency.
20 years in 30 days from a critical accident that rang the safety myth of the nuclear industry.
The report is that the international evaluation measure (Ines) that shows severity is level 0 (not safe and important) and the case outside of the evaluation occupies about 9 % of the same accident and 11 it is required to improve safety awareness in accordance with the lessons of the Fukushima 1th nuclear power plant accident.
Koichi Koichi, who has completed the story and original art of the creative picture book, and is looking for donations towards the publication. On the 18th, Echizen City, Fukui Prefecture
At the echizen city regional cooperation group in Fukui Prefecture, the artist Koichi Zong (64) was aiming to make a picture book of a picture book, and he was aiming to publish a creative picture book that was inspired by the legend of the prefecture. To start crowdfunding for donations.
Mr. Zong, who was from Hokkaido, started working as the same cooperation team since April this year, says, " I want to convey the heart of the grace of fukui people based on the deep faith through a picture book
[donation here] to convey the heart of fukui.
Zong is active as an artist working on contemporary art, which is a math motif, but after the second birthday, he is also active as a cooperation squad.
After being engaged in making town in nagano, kumamoto and tochigi, I was appointed to echizen city in April this year.
He is aiming to create a town book with a picture book in chinami, the city of kako kako and chihiro iwasaki.
Mr. Zong, who lives in the city, " I'm surprised by the depth of compassion that I know for the first time
Attention is the legend of awara city " the side of the demon threatened
For Mother-in-law who can't get a demon's face, a gentle wife will continue to preach nenbutsu to help her mother-in-law without worrying about her being surprised by her face.
"forget hate, return with grace and kindness. I felt the origin of the faith and kindness of the people of fukui" (Mr. Zong).
Mr. Zong, who gained a hint, has been interviewed by the original picture book, and he is going to go to yoshizaki gobo in awara city early, and he has completed the story "Meoto" which is presented by a gentle demon couple and a boy.
From June, I drew 10 scenes with a warm and warm watercolor painting, and I got a picture book material.
In addition, the cover of the picture book is planned to be made with Japanese paper, using the echizen washi of traditional crafts in echizen city.
My parent and child connect to the opportunity to enjoy the touch of Japanese paper, including reading and hearing.
For The 600nd division publication, the goal of the donation is 85 million yen.
The deadline is until October 25th.
The heart of fukui, which has been nurtured in the history of a historic Buddhist culture, is proud of the country.
I want to tell you what is the real kindness, compassion that is inherited by the children through the picture book
Fukui Prefecture is one of the businesses to support and support the 11 projects of the local cooperation corps and business operators in the prefecture.
The Fukui newspaper is transmitting information, and 福井銀行 is cooperating with management support.
You can donate from the crowdfunding site "Lady Pho"
Rugby class for children in Niigata City (Niigata Prefecture) (Teny Tv Niigata) - yahoo! News
On the 28th in niigata city, the rugby class aimed at children was opened on the 28th in niigata city.
"my first rugby classroom" was held on the 28th at the toriya sports park stadium in niigata city.
At the event held by the niigata city rugby football association, 28 children participated from 3 to 12 years old, and experienced the basics of rugby, such as tackle and pass.
The boy who participated was " it was fun to see rugby on tv for the first time. It was fun to have strength
"the first rugby classroom" will also be held on October 19th.
Refrain from consumption tax increase, last minute customers one after another, retail store in Okayama Prefecture, special price sale also: Sanyo Shimbun Digital | San Desi
The Department of bic camera okayama station store, which is booming to sell large appliances before the tax increase.
28 % to 10 % of the last weekend before the consumption tax tax increase, in Okayama Prefecture's Electronics store and supermarket, the last minute buying family visited one after another.
There is a store where you can aim for a bundle and expand the special department, and there is also a suit store that sells the winter clothing, and it is also empowering the sales.
Bic Camera Okayama Station Store (Okayama City Kita-ku station) has a sale of limited-time special prices until the 30th.
The employee male (37) of the city who came to the store in search of the refrigerator said, " IT IS NOT 2 % but it is not possible to be able to do the difference when it comes to expensive things
According to the restaurant, there was a lot of large appliances such as TV, washing machines, refrigerator, and so on, and sales were about 2 times the previous year.
" last minute demand is more than I imagined. In the second half of the year, customers who seek high-cost goods stand out (in charge).
The sale of the sale of "the settlement of financial results just before the tax increase" is a suit-Sales Haru Shoji (same town).
The coat has been sold for 1 months earlier than the year, and the sales of this month are 10 % increase compared to the previous year.
A company worker who visited kurashiki store (Hakuraku-Cho, kurashiki city) to buy a suit to wear in the coming-of-age ceremony (19)= asakuchi city = " the ceremony is still ahead, but I want to buy it before the tax increase
Due to the tax increase in this tax increase, tax rates such as food and drink are being held in the home store and supermarket.
At the home store time takaya store (Okayama City, okayama), we expand the special corner of detergent and tissues near the entrance.
The Sales of daily consumables are 6 times the ratio of the previous year, and it is called "the manager of makoto shimizu" (the manager of makoto shimizu).
The Public servant of the city who came to the store (63) was a bundle of kitchen paper, " I'm going to buy it anyway, so I'm going to have this opportunity
Tenmaya Ha-Cho Oka Minami Branch (Chikko, Minami Ward, Minami Ward) also has a wagon loaded with detergent, toilet paper, diapers, etc. at the fairground.
In the city of the city, the male male (35) said, " if you receive the point reduction of cashless payment, the burden of the burden is almost unchanged, so you will not be able to buy a daily item in a hurry
"Best Director" honoring the greatest enemy generals in 2019 (sport. ES) - yahoo! News
Jürgen lop, who won the best director award in "the best", looked back at his career in interview and left a comment about the current situation.
In many remarks, the surprise of the world was about the director of Manchester City, the director of Manchester City, who was the biggest rival in fighting the title of the premier league for him.
Neymar's best friend alves talks " his happiness is still in barca...
After the award ceremony of "the best the German Commander said," I didn't imagine what it was like this. I am very happy and proud to have won this award. It's been a great few days for me. I was awarded thanks to my players. The most important is the team
- says, " I respect him very much what can I say about him? He is winning a lot of titles. The style of his team playing is extraordinary. He is the best director I have ever played, and he is nominated with him, and he has been able to fight the prize is one honor
Also referring to director po and Tottenham.
"His last year was incredible. in many cases, if you don't win the title, you won't be in the memory of people. Making a team little by little, playing in great style"
Klopp isn't getting lost in the best moments of 2019 " (CL) it's a reversal in Barcelona. Many experts and myself would have never been betting on us. 3-0 behind the team with Messi and Suarez... It's like a death sentence. We were able to get a little chance and make it happen. I couldn't believe it. When you look back, you may be able to say that you won cl in this game. This game will be in the memory of everyone
The last time I received a personal question: " when I was blessed with the bundesliga, I woke up on a certain bench and didn't even know where I was. I didn't get up like that this time. I don't like getting drunk because I'm a human being annoyed by self-control obsession. The blessing of cl domination was very modest. I remember all of them. If you put everyone in front of me, you might be able to tell all the people you saw from the bus
Lexus LC and is a special car that has been added to the cutting edge technology from the skill of the taster (web cartop) - yahoo! News
Finishing up with a special one that has increased the sense and taste
Lexus set a special specification car for the luxury coupe " LC " and sporty sedan " is " and will be released on Tuesday, October 1th.
[Photo] the interior of Lexus LC with quality
The special specification car was developed based on the thought of " crafted
Crafted are the sensitivity of Japan, which has been cultivated in rich nature and history, and the sensitivity of the ambiguity of the word, and the sensitivity to the person who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the one who is the it is embodied in the thought that I want to produce a new experience that is moving to the heart.
LC's special specification car "Patina Elegance" is based on lc500 / lc500h, and it is a Lexus's best leather l-Aniline Seat, and a soft touch of Premium Leather. I adopted a leather steering wheel.
Finished as a model that increased the atmosphere and taste.
L-Aniline only selected the highest-ranking 原皮, a long-term flexibility process and a color coat aimed at thin anointing by its own technology.
Improve your body's comfort and comfort in the wheelie.
You can use premium leather on steering wheel, and you can feel the quality with your skin.
In addition, the motif of the l-character, which was made by metal and laser etching, was specially equipped with the motif of the l-character, and the color head-up, and so on.
In the interior, we adopt a vivid brown combination with a vivid patty and door trim, leather sheet, and seat belt.
In addition, the color of the stitch is used in 2 colors of light brown and dark brown, which is different from luminosity, and expresses the quality and depth of space with the picky texture.
Body color is a special specification of a special specification car, including a tae-Lane Khaki Micah Metallic, and a 3 Color Setting of Sonic Titanium, Graphite Black Glass Flakes.
I want to use sidecar ~
Macos Catalina, a new os that will start broadcasting in October, according to Apple (Apple).
The specific date is not revealed, but maybe it will be delivered on October 4th?
[watch all images] maybe macos Catalina release date is October 4th?
The image above is the one that has been published on the apple site of Denmark (now fixed).
The image certainly has characters from " October 4th (FRA DEN 4. Oktober)
If it's official site, the accuracy of the information is also high.
By the way, personally, the feature that I want to try the most on macos catalina is " Sidecar (Sidecar)
This is a feature that handles Ipad as a mac sub-Display, and it is a feature that has been realized in the third app.
And sidecar is a genuine feature of Apple, so it is expected to be better with more completion (or response).
There is also a rumor about the next Macbook Pro with a 16-Inch Display, but first of all, I want to experience this next generation of macos.
Growth in the process of growth, Shizuoka City, etc. PT, depth of 290 meters shoot | Shizuoka newspaper at s
A successful shooting in the deep sea of suruga bay, born this year, and the 11th of the 11th of the 11th of the 11th of the 11th of the 11th of
The "Yui Shrimps project" of the marine industry cluster council, such as shizuoka city, was able to take a look at the sea of the sea of suruga bay, and it was a success in the shooting of shrimps, which was considered to be born in the spawning period of spring summer this year.
The video of the growth process is precious, and the relationship is a lot of mystery. I want to connect it to the ecological clarification of shrimps.
The shooting is near the undersea sea of 1 KM OFF THE 5 km of the kanbara district, Shimizu Ward, city.
I have confirmed about 300 total in 17 minutes.
In the middle of the day, shrimps in the deep sea was once again confirmed that " the sea is forming a certain amount of herd
The body is about 40 mm in length, and the individual that was seen is about 23 mm in length.
I identified the spawning period with the catch of the caught season.
Detailed analysis asks fujitsu software technologies and shizuoka industrial technical school to create a team.
Megumi Mizuno's project leader says, " I want to catch the life of an individual in the growth process, including no shrimp
Mother Ranch reopening, Chiba Prefecture will be damaged by typhoon until the end of October | Shizuoka newspaper at s
Chiba Prefecture's mascot mascot "Chee-kun" at the mother ranch, which has resumed its business = 28th morning, Futtsu City, Chiba Prefecture
The Mother Ranch of futtsu city, Chiba Prefecture, which has been closed since the 9th due to power outage and facility damage due to typhoon no. 15, has resumed its business on the 28th.
If you are in Chiba Prefecture, you will be free to enter until the end of October.
At the entrance of the autumn, many people visited at the same time, and at the entrance gate, the mascot of the prefecture, "Chee-kun" was welcomed.
The roof is covered in blue sheets, and some facilities have been repaired, but half of the restaurants have been resumed.
Mr. Kenji Mitani (34) of sagamihara city, who visited his family, was worried about when he was going to resume. I thought I was going to go to the reconstruction, and I came to enjoy the potato digging event
ALL ROAD GO 4 strong decision: Reuters what's the electronic version
The 69th all-Road Igo Championship (hosted by Reuters company) started on the 28th at the Reuters company in chuo ward, Sapporo City.
30 people participated in the competition of the top of the amateur amateur, and the best 4 was the.
Tetsuya Asano, who went to the semi-Finals (48)= Sapporo District =, hideyuki hideyuki (52)= same =, tomita tomita (72)= Asahikawa District =, Mr. High (75))= kitami district =.
In the quarterfinals of the previous year, Mr. High (49) was defeated by Asano-San, who was proud to win the most 8 times in the competition.
Shinoda Shinoda, who was the youngest in the history of the competition (8)= Sapporo District = was defeated in the 1th round of the previous year in the 1th round of arai arai (75)= obihiro district) yes.
Arai-San lost in the 2th round.
On the 29th at 1 PM, the semi-finals of all road go, finals.
10 am to 26th all-road women's go championship will be held.
All the venues are Reuters (Odori West 3)
(Kosuke Nakamura)
[the first half of the bud Olympic Race] World Champion Momota Momota, the booming zhou tiān chéng leads one step!
&lt; men's singles (x.!
The Japanese Representative who won 6 medals at the 25th World Championship (Switzerland Basel), held in August, has finished the training camp in early September, and the 17th of the 17th of the 17th of the 17th of the 17th of the 17th of the I will participate in the op (Changzhou / super1000).
Here is the first half of the Olympic race in the Tokyo Olympics next year, looking back at the first half of the year from may to August, and we are going to watch the men's singles for the middle of the middle of the day (sentence / badminton magazine editorial department).
The Badminton Olympic Race, which started in may, digested the top competition (super500) 4 competition, which top players will participate as soon as they finish the world championship.
The first half of the game was the one who was the one who was the one who was the one who was the one who was the one who was the one who was the one who was the one who was the one who was the one who
Momota is the world championship, Zhou tiān chéng wins the indonesian op (S1000) and the "world ranking point" which is directly connected to the Olympic Race.
Momota is also forcing japan op (S750).
The competition from may is the sudirman cup of the group match (May China), Indonesia op (16 strong results), Japan op (July), World Championship (August) 4 tournament.
There are few compared to other top players, but it is a schedule that suppressed the burden of your body.
In August, only the 1 tournament of the world championship will not be bigger than the time of the battle.
In the middle of September, the top competition will be in a row, and the results of the middle of the middle of the
A Strong Taiwanese Ace.
Attention to young Thai people too!
Zhou tiān chéng, who won the top competition of the Indonesia op and Thailand op (S500), has already participated in the 7 tournament.
I participated in the September head's local Taipei op (S300) and won a stunning win.
A player who is originally strong and does not struggle with battles.
Even after the competition, there is no big problem in the performance of the game.
Rather, you have been able to adjust the schedule of the upcoming competition by winning the high point in the first half of the game.
Zhou tiān chéng was an impression that the explosion was lacking until last year, but this year, the stability of the play is increasing, and it has been able to continue the real real.
For Momota in the 1th place in the world, it looks like he's going to be more annoying than ever.
I left the results in the first half of the game other than the 2 players, and the Thai young ace kanta phong and the indian sai pla b..
And The 3 players of Anders Anton, who are struggling as a European force.
Although kanta phong is not going to the finals at the top competition, he has been able to get the best in the 2th competition of the season.
There's still a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of there is no presence.
Again, sai pla b. Got a step out of India with a loving player in singles.
Samir Rose, John H. S. and in the future, we need attention to Indian forces after the middle of the middle of the middle of the day, just in the future.
The Price of your phone is reduced in fair competition: Reuters what e-version
The new price plan for the mobile phone company, which has been enforced in October, has been released.
However, it was mostly high stop.
The Secretary of the cabinet secretary kan kan said that last summer, " there are room to lower 4 % despite the expectations for the price reduction, the price competition did not happen.
It is a big factor that rakuten's authentic entry has been postponed, and a major 3 Company's oligopolistic has continued.
It is desirable to be a fee system that is easy to use due to a fair competition for consumers.
I want to ask for a mobile company effort.
The revised method prohibits set discount for terminal and communication fee.
Because the communication fee was set to be pricey instead of selling a terminal teenager.
Softbank and kddi (AU) have announced a plan to make the terminal up to half price.
However, both two and two days can't use the company's line, "SIM ROCK" is how it takes to the terminal.
NTT DOCOMO IS THE LARGEST 3-thirds of the terminal for only the policyholders on their own line.
3 companies are reflected in continuing the "Enclosure" that prevents transfer to other companies.
For sim lock, the ministry of internal affairs and communications has shown a policy to unlock the immediate cancellation.
The corporate side needs to be supported ASAP.
Rakuten's postponement is because the maintenance of the communication network, such as the base station, did not proceed as planned.
Looking for a reduction in the price reduction competition, I'm dressed as a shoulder silencer.
I wonder if there was a sweetness of outlook.
The start and rates of the authentic service have not been revealed.
I want you to work on a business with responsibility as a company that plays social infrastructure.
The revision of the price of this time was triggered by the Chief Cabinet Secretary.
Mr. Kan is about the new price of 3 companies, " I think the competition will begin. I have no idea what it's like to stay
I just don't think "the official price reduction" will distort the market and encourage a healthy competition.
The corporate side should develop a customer-based competition before the government is in the mouth of the government.
The Company's fee system is so complicated, it is not easy to compare.
The Consumer Agency calls attention as the terminal has an advertisement for "maximum half price" and other cases that surpass half price.
Companies must make a polite and easy explanation to avoid misunderstanding of users.
The limit of withdrawals is 50 yen, and the bank card of 3 credit in mie prefecture - ise shimbun
The 3 Shinkin Banks in Mie Prefecture (kuwana mie shinkin bank, kita ise, ueno shinkin bank, kihoku shinkin bank) announced that they decided to reduce the amount of withdrawals by the atm card to prevent the damage of special scams.
I have been holding cards of each shinkin bank of kuwana mie, kita-Ise, ueno, and kihoku, and I have never been to a 70-Year-old withdrawals trading with ATM (cash automatic deposit machine) in the past 3 years. for deposits, the limit of withdrawals on the 1th of the atm card will be 50 yen.
The Kuwana-mie shinkin bank and the northern ise and ueno shinkin bank are on October 1, and the kihoku shinkin bank will be reduced from November 1th.
In The Prefecture, there are many special fraud cases that are being withdrawals by ATM, as well as financial institutions and police members, and the people involved in the shinkin bank are " the importance of customers in the way you can I want to protect my deposit
Yokozuna Tsuru-Ryuji transferred to mutsu room, the master of izutsu suddenly passed away | Shizuoka newspaper at s
On the 27th, the Japanese Sumo Association, due to the death of the izutsu master (former sekiwake 逆鉾), has approved the transfer of 3 Sumo wrestlers in the izutsu room and the 1TH FLOOR OF THE 1TH OF THE 1TH OF THE 1TH OF THE 1th just announced.
The Mutsu room is the same time as the izutsu room.
Master Mutsu's Master (former ozeki kirishima) is from the izutsu room and is a pupil of the late izutsu master.
The Master of izutsu died suddenly on the 16th, and tsuru dragon and others became temporary custody of the kagamiyama room of the same family, and the treatment of the future was discussed.
In the mutsu room, 12 Sumo wrestlers are enrolled in the autumn place, including the 12-Ryo Mist From Mongolia, which is the same as tsuru dragon.
[Rugby w cup] one shot and a brawl in the us player's " face danger tackle " overseas ripples " insulting and despicable play " (the answer) - yahoo! News
Usa fl kui plays rough, former England representative "it's not something you call a tackle"
The 26th of the rugby world cup (w cup) Japan tournament was the last appearance in 20 countries, and the us was smashed by 7-45 in England.
It was a black-Star Launch, but the rough play played by fl John Kui in the second half is calling ripples.
Exit one shot in the form of adding a shoulder tackle to the opponent's face.
The actual scene has been published on the overseas media, and the former England player is also saying " insulting and despicable play it is not called a tackle
[Video] "insulting and despicable play" and overseas ripples!
One shot out, both military players in the fell commotion... the actual moment of the "face danger tackle" performed by the us representative kui
A hot fighter has crossed the line.
29 minutes in the second half of the day.
Deep in the enemy line, the England Captain Farrell was slightly balanced when he caught his side pass.
I went to a tackle on this, it was a kui.
I just woke up the body not under the waist and hit the body hard on the upper body.
As a result, the head and head of the opponent is in touch, and it is like a head-to-head.
Pharrell is blown away and resist.
The English player was clearly protesting the play, trying to push the quill.
Both military players gathered at once and became a explosive air.
As a result of tmo (video judgement), kui exit one shot with a red card.
After the pitch with a bad face, it was a part of the audience asking for fair play, and the booing was also asked.
Rugby's strong New Zealand local media " staff " is featured in " Rugby Cup 2019: the us players exit with a despicable play, England is kuài shèng
" kill has done a despicable shoulder charge in the face of the England star Pharrell, and it has become a brawl by almost both military players
In the article, we introduce the comments of the former England representative and the commentator wu,.
" insulting and despicable. It's not something you call a tackle. It's a despicable play
The United States has lost 1 games, and the us has managed to escape the shutout in 81 minutes.
But the play of kui left the evil of aftertaste.
The Ministry of health, labour and welfare, the ministry of health, labour and welfare, was the first to publish the 424 hospital names that were judged to be "scarce medical achievements" in the public hospitals of the National 1455 and the red-Red
In Fukui Prefecture, the ministry of health, labor and welfare is public, inspecting the treatment achievements of the public hospital 14 facilities ▽ awara city's National Hospital Organization Awara hospital ▽ sakai city mikuni hospital ▽ oda hospital in Echizen-cho ▽ the 4 facilities of wakasa takahama hospital in takahama-Cho are subject to the subject.
⇒ 4 hospitals for reorganization "standards strange"
Due to the reduction of medical expenses to expand in aging, it has been decided to be an unusual response to the restructuring of the hospital in the competitive area.
In October, we are going to ask the subject hospital for authentic consideration, and we will be able to make a conclusion by September next year.
There is no force, but the backlash of local chiefs and residents is expected to be lost in a close-up hospital.
Published on the same day meeting.
The subject hospital was a total of 29 % and there were a lot of hospitals that were relatively few beds.
By Prefectures, Niigata (53 7 %), Hokkaido (48 6 %), Miyagi (47 5 %), Yamaguchi (46 7 %), Okayama (the percentage was high in order of 43 3 %)
The number of target was 54 in Hokkaido, and Okinawa was the only zero.
The Ministry of health, labor and welfare is based on data in 2017, and the public and public hospitals are investigating 1455 hospitals that can respond to the " acute period " for serious patients, and the general surgery for the " acute period " (in Japanese).
9 medical achievements such as cancer and medical care, and a competitive hospital analyzed the need of the hospital name publication, analyzing whether it is a "car within 20 minutes"
The subject hospital will be considering abolition of abolition and some medical clinics to other hospitals.
Medical expenses increase in 25, all of the nodule generation are over 75 years old.
For this reason, the ministry of health, labor and welfare has a goal to reduce the number of beds of the hospital in 18 to 1 floors across the country.
Currently, there are a lot of beds in the " Advanced Acute period " and " acute period " that take care of nurses, and the elderly are lacking in rehabilitation for high needs.
In order to respond to aging, it is not only to reduce the number of beds, but also to increase the rehabilitation.
The "Regional Medical plan" has been formulated for each prefecture to have a number of beds needed in 25
The whole country has been divided into 339 areas, and municipalities and medical workers are discussing it, but many local residents and chiefs keep discreet posture, and the discussion is difficult.
The Ministry of health, labor and welfare wants to connect to the activation of discussions by publishing the hospital name of the scarce achievements.
It's been a long time since I've been in the middle of a long time since I've been in the middle of a long time since I've been in the middle of a long
The Disaster Prevention Training, which assumes the eruption of MT. Pawns (1131 meters), was held on September 27 in the forest, nanae, and shikabe-cho in the jurisdiction of oshima.
Approximately 400 officials and residents of the 20 agencies participated in the road and 3 towns.
The Hokkaido Pawns Volcanic Disaster Prevention Council has been held for the first time since we formulated a evacuation plan that includes residents evacuation routes in August.
It's been 18 years since we've had a wide range of training for residents.
It is expected that MT. Pawns erupted at 8 am and the mud style has reached the town of the foot.
When the eruption warning level was raised to 5 (Evacuation), the shelter was opened in the forest, nanae cho, and the residents moved by the bus and the vehicle of the the prepared by each town.
10 million students in Vancouver climate demonstrations sue for warming up for school holidays (everyone's economic newspaper network) - yahoo! News
Approximately 10 million citizens, centered on the 16-Year-old environmental activist Greta to, have complained about climate change on September 27 in Vancouver City.
Climate Demo in Vancouver
The March was held from Vancouver City Hall to the can bridge, up to the downtown library.
In The City Hall of the gathering location, people with placard start to get together, and at 13 at the start time, the number of people who have been able to fill the road of the number block of the city hall.
After that, the participants continue to increase, and ultimately over 10 million people participated.
On the road in the middle of the road, police also cooperated with road regulations, and we watched it until all people walked in a few hours.
In Vancouver City, we have a lot of events to think about warming up from last weekend to the United Nations Climate Action Summit In New York.
On the 27th of the last day, we implemented a school strike with "Friday for the future ( Fridays for future )"
The students who took part in the school on this day are saying "I want to protect the earth even if i rest the important thing called school" and many adults who participated in the work are also learning seriously. For the future of children we will also be able to empower
Pig Cholera vaccine recommended area 9 Prefecture Maff (Gifu Shimbun web) - yahoo! News
On the 27th, the ministry of Agriculture, forestry and Fisheries published the amendment of the quarantine guidelines for preventing the infection of the "Pig ( Tonkatsu ) Cholera" of the livestock plague, which could be vaccinated for a preventive pig that is not recognized in the present.
The Target area is a policy to select 9 prefectures such as gifu, Aichi Prefecture, which is confirmed to be infected with pigs and wild boar.
The Migration of the living pigs and fertilized egg is restricted to the area, but the distribution of the butcher and processed goods is recognized.
Following public comments (public opinion) to public, we aim to complete the procedure in October.
It is possible to use vaccines and acknowledge the outside distribution of the butcher, and it will be no longer a "clean country" that has been certified by the international institution, and it may affect the export of pork.
Japan was temporarily pending the position of the clean country after the outbreak of September last year.
In The Amendment, maff set "vaccination recommended area" with an opinion of experts about the area where the risk of the infection from wild boar to pig.
The subject prefectures create a "vaccination program" which summarizes the range of vaccination, the time, the number of people, and other things, and will receive the confirmation of the ministry of the ministry, and allow them to use it in the governor's judgement.
The Other 7 prefectures that are suiko as a recommended regional proposal are saitama, toyama, Ishikawa, fukui, Nagano, mie, shiga.
The area will be decided once again when the guidelines are revised.
Moving pigs, semen, fertilized egg, bodies, excrement, etc. Limit to the area as a principle.
For Butcher and processed products, it is not subject to the cost of distribution restrictions or the influence of farmers, and it is acceptable to the distribution of the fact.
Thorough processing of food garbage, not to spread the virus.
Sued for the safety of the vaccinated, and also tackle the prevention of rumors.
The Amendment of the guidelines was compiled at the expert conference on the same day, and confirmed at the meeting of the quarantine prevention headquarters.
In the future, we will implement opinions on prefectures and public comments until October 7th, and the new quarantine guidelines will be enforced.
An independent approach to the independent Honda Keisuke, man u!
"give me an offer. I don't need money" (Football Channel) - yahoo! News
9/28 (Sat) 2:57 delivery
Last time I left the Australia a league Melbourne victory, the former former Japanese Representative Mf Honda was in a surprising action.
[Video] Keisuke Honda, was it actually in the game?
The truth of surprise is revealed
Honda, who updated his twitter at midnight on the 27th of Japan time, " give me an offer. I don't need money, but I have to play with great team and great teammates and I went to a certain club to make a public approach.
The one who sent "reverse offer" is a global prestigious Manchester United.
Why did honda make an epic request to the best club in the premier league?
The trigger is in the Australian version of "Fox Sports" published on the 24th.
In the article that " Manchester United is likely to hold in a crisis of the injured 5 people, there are 5 independent players who are currently able to win.
Some players such as hattem Ben Alpha, Giuseppe Rossi, and will Bonnie, were also named Honda.
Currently, United has a lot of injuries from mf Paul Pogba, df Luke show, df Eric Biden, fw Antony Sharma, fw Marcus Rush, etc. and it's in emergency.
"Red Devil" LED by ole Gunnar Sur Shah has been forced to make a painful start with 2 wins and 22 losses in the league match, and he has challenges for the quality of the front.
So it was honda who named the Australian media as a new candidate for the shore.
In the article, " strictly speaking, it is not a striker, it is analyzed that Honda's contract as a creative side player can fill the hole that Andreas Pereira fills
18 matches in Melbourne victory, 9 points are " Solid record " but " 33-Year-old honda needs to get away from his entertainment and collect full attention being pointed out.
Will Honda's approach bear?
It's also a attention to United for the next year's Tokyo Olympics for veterans who profess to be a goal.
500 mobile translation machine installed. Hamamatsu 商議, store and other free lending | Shizuoka newspaper at s
A mobile type translation machine "poke talk" that is loaned free to 500 places such as stores in hamamatsu city.
The Hamamatsu Chamber of commerce and industry announced that a total of 500 installation was completed in hamamatsu city's store, which is a business that loaned the mobile type translator "poke talk" to the membership office.
It is the first time to deploy the translation machine to the same area, and it is the first time to be in the country, and it is noted that it will lead to the inbound (Japan Travelers) vs stress improvement.
The breakdown of the lending is restaurant 236, retail store 113, accommodation 17, and other 134.
The City of the city is 6 % off.
I started showing my lending to the map app " Google " and I tried to understand the location of " store in foreign language " on my smartphone.
You can access the hamanako tourist area sites and more.
The free lending of the 74 language poke talk has started in April with the declaration of "Japan's inbound cheering city hamamatsu" by 9 organizations in the city.
I bought 500 units, and I went to a small-sized business office that met the conditions of the hospitality certification, and the introduction of cashless payment, and I was lending it for 2 years.
The Rep of the same place said, " I want you to connect to the development of new customers in foreign countries while the business environment is severe
Right now, don't you need a 1th hit?
Today's caddy best shot
1 w shots are not necessarily s9 and hit.
There is also a technique called "direct" that beat the ball on the ground when you want to earn a distance with the 2th hit of par.
The recent 1 w has a big head volume, and the ball is going to fall, but there are players who often practice this on the ground.
This is kancho pond, who is waiting for the first time to win the tour.
The 24th year of the 7TH YEAR OF THE 7TH YEAR OF THE 7TH YEAR OF THE 7th year of the 304.02th year of the 166th year of the 7th year of
While I was good at long shots, one of the challenges was the precision of the fairway.
In early spring, the " Spoon (3 w) shot was bad, so I thought I'd try to do a direct Dora
From the practice round to the grass in the s9 area, the ball is dropped, and it can be 1 w to the throwing.
In cases where big Carrie is needed, it uses a lot of s9, but both sides are effective in the narrow hall and so on.
" you can use it in a hall where your perspective can be beat
270 yd ~ 280 yd in the ballistic measuring system.
" that's why I don't need 3 w. The Caddy is more secure than 3 w...
From June 'Japan Tour Championship', wood is only 1 w in the caddy bag.
2th long club is a loft 17 degree UT.
The tactics that are amazed by the tour mates are also happy to hear the exclamation of the exclamation from the gallery in the eye.
The trick is " to shake the club on level (Horizontal)
" even if it's a down blow, hit it on the upper, it doesn't fly straight. Cut Orbit and go to the right. I was originally doing a direct Dora to do the swing braces of the 1 w shot of the (S9 time). In this practice, attack angle (club corner corner) will also be gradual
The Ball is caught, and the risk of a slice, but "that's why I can erase the left side ( I can't bend to the left )"
It's easy to say, but it's a professional trick.
The first ice at Norikura Mount Tatami (Gifu Shimbun web) - yahoo! News
The first ice-observed ice in crane, norikura, MT. Norikura, in the morning of the 27th of the 27th of the 27th of the 27th of the 27th of the 27th
The first ice was observed on the 27th at crane pond in tatami, Takayama City, kita Alps (2702 meters above sea level, Nyukawa-Cho, Takayama City, Gifu Prefecture).
4 days earlier than last year, 1 days earlier than the average of the past 10
According to the norikura skyline management office, the officials who were patrolling the road were on the west side of Crane Pond, and they confirmed that it was about 2 MM OF ICE.
The weather at observation was sunny and it was 3 degrees Celsius.
According to the gifu regional meteorological observatory, the lowest temperature in the prefecture on this day was 9 5 degrees in the city of zhuāng zhuāng-Cho, the city of the city.
Let's experience the para-competition!
Caravan event at aeon onahama until tomorrow " Iwaki folk news official homepage
In The 2020 Tokyo Paralympic games, the " Tohoku 6 Prefectural Caravan event " Challenge 6 " in Fukushima prefecture " was started on the 28th at aeon mall iwaki onahama.
In the paralympic games, we have a corner where you can experience boccia, wheelchair fencing, wheelchair basketball, goal ball, athletics, and wheelchair rugby, and the shoppers are in the middle of the day.
Challenge 6 was held from July to October in 6 Prefectures in the tohoku region, and in Fukushima prefecture, AEON mall iwaki onahama became a venue.
At the paralympic games, compared to the Olympic Games, there is still a low-known point, but it is the aim of a lot of people to understand the same experience as the para athlete, through the challenge 6 I am.
At the venue, wrap yourself in a yellow costume, "Getz!" a familiar comedy talent dandy sakano visited and experienced the competition together and was showing a blast.
On the 29th, the comedy talent Maggie Tsukasa is going to be in the middle of the day.
Until the 29th.
Time is 10 am-5 PM.
Children's yu-GI-oh and Minami-Swamp Small, construction summary determined yamagata city | Yamagata newspaper
Yamagata City has set up the construction plan for the social capital maintenance (Dbfo) by private funding, and the winning contractor of the children's yugi facility and the southern swamp school building has been decided, and at the city council standing committee held on the 26th. There was an explanation of the facility summary.
Image Map of children's yugi facility newly established in one, yamagata city
Children's yugi facilities are planned to be built on the north side of yamagata in the yachi district, and about 2 Square meters of the premises.
The building is a steel frame, and the floor area is about 3 Square meters.
Preparing for the gymnasium, cafe, book corner, and more under the bàn bàn.
In addition, we secure 300 parking spaces with universal design play play that can play children with disabilities.
On The 5th of this month, the committee was held at the city hall, and the shelter group (Yamagata City) made by 13 companies (Yamagata City) was designed and opened, including 15 years of maintenance management expenses, including 30 billion 5 won for yen.
Design construction from January next year, scheduled to open in March 2022
Image Map of the south school building
Minami Swamp is a large school over 900 children.
It is planned to be built on the north side of the current school building in the city of city, and the area area is about 2 Square meters.
Reinforced Concrete 3 Storey Floor Area About 8580 Square meters.
The number of classroom is 30, two pools, a steel-made gym, and a child club after school.
At The Review Committee on the 6th of this month, the ichimura builders group (Yamagata City), which consists of 8 companies, will be designed by the ichimura builders group (Yamagata City), including the 45-year maintenance management expenses, including the 15-year won for a million yen.
Design Construction in December and will be completed in October 22
Quaint " this time it is the fulfillment of love... the performance of " Moto Boyfriend Mania " starring Yuko Araki & kengo kora will be performed (Sports News) - yahoo! News
Actress Zest (29) is a new tv drama "Moto Boyfriend Mania" starring Yuko Araki (25) and kengo kengo (31) (starts October 17th, 10 after Thursday) time has been decided.
Zest plays by hamano hamano (38) a major food maker, kaga chizuru, who performed by yamashita monjosho.
The Original Character, chizuru, who does not appear in the original, is not interested in marriage, and marriage is a "means" that himself does not bother financially.
Yamashita appeared there.
I've been in the middle of a long time since I've been in the middle of a long time since I've been in the middle of a long time since I've been in the middle of a long time since I've been in the middle of a
A chizuru that looks strong in mental, but in fact, mental is weak like tofu.
I'm violently upset if things don't carry as expected to lay a love strategy for not being hurt.
Chizuru, living with bravado, meets yurika and yamashita, who plays Yuko Araki, and the change in the process is drawn.
Nhk's continuous tv novel " and sis " (April 2016) and the TBS-style " Black pair " (April 2018), such as the " Black pair " (April 2018), has been appearing in the Fuji-style terrestrial. This time will be the first time to appear in the drama.
Zest says, " I have a lot of people who don't love me for some reason, so i hope that this time (love) will be fulfillment (lol). I want to enjoy kaga chizuru, and I'm looking forward to seeing how I can create the world of " Moto Boyfriend Mania " with all the staff of the cast, who is full of personality and charm. I would love to be a drama that will make you look forward to 10 o'clock every Thursday I sent a message to the viewers.
It is also decided that the okura-Sky (17) will be performed by chizuru's junior new employee, hattori hattori.
Okura, the youngest in the regular cast, shows his youthful fresh acting.
GQ MEN's 10th wear-day9"skateboard and skateboard" (GQ JAPAN) - yahoo! News
The move is mainly skateboarding!
I'm addicted to being invited by a friend to start sliding.
I'm still a beginner, but it feels good to go through the asphalt with a push.
It's convenient for Phil's hunting jacket to be put on a smartphone, wallet, and luggage.
In Shorts, the wind feels direct and feels good.
Feet, of course, light with converse skateboarding shoes.
The Fashion and culture around skateboarding are also cool, so check out the magazine and instagram frequently!
The hair cut is also going to go to the salon where the skater hairdresser is in yutenji.
I'm inspired to teach you about tricks, skateboarding park information, and lots of things I can't do yet.
It's our routine to stroll around the city with skateboarding after school.
Wear item beanie 1 Yen &lt; Andersen-Andersen / may company tel03- 5410-9777 &gt; BEST 2 MILLION 3000 yen &lt; Filson / outer limits tel03- 5413-6957 &gt; TOPS 1 MILLION 2000 yen &lt; pre _ / WA INK tel03- 5791-1501 &gt; Shorts 6800 yen &lt; propper / high! Standard tel03- 3464-2109 &gt; Socks 1800 yen &lt; chicstocks / no design tel03- 6677-6030 &gt; Sneakers 2000 yen &lt; converse skateboarding / converse information store tel0120- 819-217 &gt;
The Ministry of health, labour and welfare, meeting with leprosy family to relieve discrimination, and the 3 Ministry Council | Shizuoka newspaper at s
The Ministry of health, labour and welfare was revealed to meet the family of leprosy ex-patients on October 2th at the cabinet postscript conference on the 27th.
Also, we announced that the ministry of health, labor and welfare and the ministry of mext will hold the same day to relieve the discrimination and bias against former patients and families.
Mr. Kato said, " I want to listen to all of my family's voices and work hard to solve the problem
Over the former patient family, the kumamoto court court ordered the country to pay about 3 million yen to 541 plaintiff in June's judgment.
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe announced to show off the appeal, and the judgment was confirmed.
In addition, I was working on the activities of compensation measures and human rights awareness as a government.
Chance for a male model aspiring!
An actor who has a wide range of activities as an actor and talent for Cyndi Narita. Performing Arts Pro & Model Agency 2019 "Model Special Audition 2019" (debut) - yahoo! News
Some of the participating companies have participated in a large number of male models, such as Cyndi Narita, not only models, but also actors, such as actors.
[Photo] SOS Model Agency belongs: Taniguchi Taniguchi
In the magazine " Men's non-no " (Shueisha) Exclusive Model, the movie " disqualified " (in the public) and the movie " Katsu Ben! " Sony music artists " belonging to Cyndi Narita, who is a leading actor in the role of " the release of December 13th
The movie " Kamen Rider Amazon " and " the th of the th of the th of the th of the th of the th of the th of the th of the th of the th of the th of the th of the th of the th model agency
The stage " Touken Ranbu " cí chuan ~ the leaves of the day are falling ~ Jiro Sword role, Hyper Projection Theatre " high queue! " the series of 2.5-dimensional stage in the series of Tsukishima Fireflies, and the " balayage " belongs to taro kosaka.
I was a model of the amazon fashon week and fashion magazine, and recently, I belong to the " Nvrmnd Inc " which is active in various branded models such as uniqlo, Nike, Adidas, and so on. ".
The " Pre-stage " of hiroto, who appears in commercials of wego, Colossians, lineb612, tiktok, Johnson & Johnson, in addition to the " sun medical " Commercial, the stage " gentle devil " " Autumn Town Twilight " " Marigold ~ the flower language of despair the Chestnut Japan agency belonging to young man who appears in ~"
" Popeye " and " smart " Men's Fashion Magazine, including the men's Fashion Magazine, and many of the women's magazines.
Many model offices are participating in the "Bar Quinn style" which belongs to hayase, which is a wide range of people from home and abroad.
Akutagawa's first hand-written manuscript is released for the first time, and the literature theory of a breakdown | Shizuoka newspaper at s
Written by ryunosuke akutagawa, the first to be published at the Tabata Village Memorial Hall.
Author Ryunosuke Akutagawa (1892-1927) has written the written manuscript of " Zoku Literary, too literary which was announced in the last years of fighting the literary theory with junichiro tanizaki, North Kyoto North The Tabata Village Memorial Hall in the ward was obtained by the 27th.
On display from October 1th at the.
The existence of essays was known for the complete work, but it is the first time that the manuscript written by the hand is public.
It is considered that akutagawa wrote a few months before akutagawa's suicide, and Mr. Species, a researcher of the Memorial Hall, said, " Akutagawa, who has been debilitating with both body and body, can see the challenges of literature and sincerity I'm here.
The 12-Piece Essay of the 200-Letter Paper, 12-Piece Paper, was published in the April 27 issue of "the" (in Japanese)
Greta Toon, " why do adults mock and threaten children I doubt on Twitter.
Swedish Environmental Activist Greta Toon, who gave speech on September 23 at the un climate action summit in New York.
While the speech is featured, there is a transmission like insulting Greta.
[Tweet Collection] Greta Toon "why do adults mock and threaten children"
Political critic is mentally sick about Greta on American TV program. The TV station, who said "it is used for parents and international left wing" has been apologized.
Even in Japan, there are many transmission of Greta's remarks that are " being used and poor " about Greta, " it's better to go to school " and the parts that are not the contents of Greta.
In such a way, Greta posted on his twitter on September 26, " why do adults mock and threaten the youth and children of their 10 s
"thinking of lies and conspiracy theories as far as possible"
Greta says, "here we go again. As you are interested, those who hate me are as active as ever. My look, my clothes, my attitude, and I'm chasing a place where I'm different from people. They have started posting" I think of lies and conspiracy theories as far as possible
And the adults have pointed out that they seem to be changing the story of the story because they don't want to turn around the climate and environmental crisis.
Why adults mock and threaten their 10 s youth and children, or honestly, I don't understand.
I would be able to do another good thing at that time.
I think they feel that they are threatened by us.
But don't consume your time to be more interested in them.
The world is starting to awaken.
The change is coming.
Even if the adults love the change and don't like them.
See you on the street on Friday!
On the 20th of this Friday, there was a strike on climate change in the world such as New York.
Greta was calling to do it on Friday the 27th.
Huff Post Japan edition editorial department
[Program Council] Akita TV (Sankei Shimbun) - yahoo! News
Akita TV's 432th Broadcast Program Council (Chairman Jiang Jiang) has been held, and the broadcast on August 16th, " the professional celebrity of the editor's cuisine is recommended! A really delicious akita curry
The program introduced each one of their favorite curry shops, and the point of enjoying the taste of the professional at home, and the obsession of the retort curry, and the secret story.
From The Committee, " simple, concept and theme is clear I was curious until the end. Curry bread appeared in the tempo, and there was an opinion that " I could see it in a different perspective than a Gourmet Site " Meanwhile, " the reproduction drama is long " professional curry making one point advice i wish I had
Riku Hoshino, " rough shiba's eyes have learned the difference taking advantage of the experience of the prize king in the reversal (Golf Network) - yahoo! News
Japan-Korea tour co-sponsored competition " Singha Dong-hye " has been held on the 22th, and the final round of the korean bear's best Cheongna Golf Club (7238 yard par) has been held, and hoshino riku is 1 Eagle, 2 Birdy, 1 Bogey's " 68 " and finished the competition in the 5th place of the Japanese Army.
[Video] coming to Japan!
Garcia wedge shot
I was able to reach a certain amount in the first half, so I thought I could go with the momentum in the second half, but the putter was not quite good, so I couldn't stretch it out, so I was frustrated.
- 6TH EAGLE, did you see the winner at the 7th birdy?
Even after hitting the bogey on the 4th, there was also a par left, so I was able to take it back, and I was able to get a chip in eagle on the 6th.
I was so frustrated that I couldn't stretch it in the second half of the year, but I was so frustrated that I couldn't stretch it in the second half.
- what did you get at the competition?
It's good that I've been able to keep the yn in a narrow course because it's been a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of
It was a course where the rough and the reverse eyes were falling apart, and the distance was changing, so I learned a lot because I didn't have much (experience).
- what's the difference between a regular competition?
I think it was possible to shoot a camera (such as smartphone).
I didn't care at all, but I was taking videos of the gallery.
Other than that, I didn't have a lot of things to change, but I'm just co-sponsored and there are a lot of Japanese players, so I went to the match with the feeling that " I won't lose to overseas players
The second half of the game continues, but if you don't have more than 1 wins, you won't be able to aim for the prize king, so i want to win another win, and there will also be a zozo championship near you, so I'm going to go to the top I'll do my best to catch the qualification.
What is the way to prevent dementia and keep it in the extent of "forget"
Interview / Watanabe Yang (me)
Dementia drugs that major pharmaceutical companies and college hospitals have failed to challenge research development.
However, it seems that the relationship between dementia and living habits is being clarified, and it is possible to be able to keep it in the middle of the day.
I talked to professor shunsuke otsuki of kinki university hospital stroke center.
Dementia never goes away
- - Dementia Prevention, or cure is long-awaited, but what is the current situation?
The difference between otsuki otsuki and the serious difference is that everyone can be dementia when they age.
However, it is considered that it will take more than 20 years to be able to develop new dementia drugs.
The medicine called of, which is often used in Japan, is already out of insurance adaptation in some countries abroad, and it is not expected to be a remarkable healing effect.
Meanwhile, people have been able to live long while the death of infections and accidents decreased, and cancer deaths are reduced with remarkable progress of treatment of anti-cancer drugs, etc.
Therefore, it is true that there are increasing dementia patients.
It's not something you can solve with your own or family, but you need to make an environment where you can live peacefully in the region as a whole society.
How to keep it in the extent of "forget"
- - is there anyone who is easy to get dementia and is hard to get?
Even if it is inevitable to be a dementia dementia, it is possible to suppress the symptoms as much as possible and keep it in the extent of "forget"
Dementia is considered as one of the living habits, and there are tendencies for people who are easy to become.
First of all, the meta-Bois tend to be prone to dementia.
Dementia is captured as one of the living habits.
A combination of obesity, high blood pressure, diabetes, high cholesterol blood disease.
The economic power is also affecting.
For example, in the us, there are areas that distribute food ticket called food ticket to the poverty layer, but the food that can be received by food tickets is the frozen hamburger, pizza and chicken that can be preserved.
You can't use gas or electricity, and people living in an environment where you can't cook in the first place are available.
And it becomes a meal with less vegetables and protein, and it becomes a biased life in lipid and sugar.
Soon, it's poverty, but it becomes obese, and when you do it, you can only get distracted by the TV, and you will be crippled.
Similar situations can also be made in Japan.
In other words, people who don't think about things, people who don't work tend to be able to get dementia.
In other words, to prevent dementia, it is not to be a meta-Bois, it is necessary to read a book from around the day and think about things.
Okayama sightseeing specialties in Osaka, PR, Bicchu Marche, MITSURU VR, also available: Sanyo Shimbun Digital | San Desi
"need sunny country marche" which pr tourist attractions and specialties in the bicchu area, has begun on the 27th in the square of the Jr Osaka station for a 2-day schedule.
In the beginning of this month, Niimi City, which was affected by heavy rain, set up a VR (Virtual reality) experience corner in mitsuru-Dong, and it was a charm to the people of kansai area.
7 cities of kurashiki, kasaoka, ihara, soja, niimi, Asakuchi, and yakage participated.
A fan making with masking tape (Kurashiki City), a denim key holder (Ihara City), a kaleidoscope of kaleidoscope after the telescope of the observatory (Asakuchi City), and the station users stopped by.
In the VR experience of Mitsuru-Dong, visitors used exclusive goggles to pseudo-experience the stroll in the dong.
A woman in itami city, Hyogo Prefecture (52) is " left to the left, and when I saw the right, I saw the view on the right side, and it felt like I was really walking inside. If you have a chance, I'd like to experience the real mitsuru-Dong too
Travelphotography, the younger brother of Fuji, who is reflecting on the responsibility of scissors, is a deviated act | Shizuoka newspaper at s
The th of the th of the th of the th of the th of the th of the th of the th of the th of the th of the th of the th of the th of the th of the th of the " I will catch you properly from the coming place, it's not zero, it starts with minus I said the dialect of reflection.
The Tokyo National Sports Center participated in the flower sumo.
Guizhou Fuji opened his own press conference on the 27th to hope to continue.
Travelphotography told us about the implementation of the conference, and said, " it's better to stop but after that, I haven't been able to contact you.
" the environment that grew up is the same, but my brother and I are different from thinking
Jaguar F-pace, first major improvement... Potential Hybrid (response) - yahoo! News
Jaguar's first crossover SUV, "F-Pace ( F-pay )" improved new prototype, the first time I captured a camera in south Europe.
F-pace is the origin of the 4 Theta Concept SUV " C-x17" " in 2013
After that, the 5 Theta Version was released in 2014, and officially debuted as "F-pace" at the Frankfurt motor show in 2015
The first model that will be the first in 2016 will be released, and this time will be the first face lift.
The Prototype You captured is covered with thick camouflage, but some of the new designs can be seen.
The headlights are more compact, and thin, and the side intake is also fixed to sporty oval circular.
The Grill is completely disguised, but it will definitely be a re-designed.
In the rear end, a part of the innovating tail tail, equipped with a elongated reverse light on the top, can be confirmed.
As the current model, it seems that the design of a big design on the side may be fixed in compact.
In the cabin, the company's "Pivi Pro" touch screen infotainment system is expected, and the new digital cluster, HVAC control screen, steering wheel, Gear Selector, etc. Will be refreshed.
Power Train is expected to set up a hybrid 3.0 litre straight 6-cylinder in in addition to 2.0 Liter Straight 4-cylinder turbo diesel.
World Premiere will be in 2020
A COMPANY THAT OFFERS 3 billion yen to the former assistant assistant for the increase in sales in nuclear power related construction | Shizuoka newspaper at s
Kansai Electric power store = 27th afternoon, Osaka City (from kyodo news helicopter)
It is a problem that the president of the kansai electric power company, Makoto Yagi (69) was receiving money and money from the former assistant of high-Hamacho, Fukui Prefecture, where the nuclear power plant was located. The local construction company, which offered about 3 billion yen to Mr. Clan, found out that the sales of nuclear power-related works were greatly stretched out in the past few years.
Construction company is "Yoshida development" founded in 1981
According to the credit survey company, the sales high of the August 2013 was 3 million yen, but the August 15 period was over 10 billion yen, and the August period of 18 surpassed 21 million yen.
Seki-electric nuclear power plant related construction occupies a lot of business.
In Kagoshima City, tailgate driving "killing" man arrested for suspicion of intimidation (KTS KAGOSHIMA TV) - yahoo! News
On the 24th of this month, on the national highway in kagoshima city, a 33-Year-old unemployed man was arrested in doubt that he was threatened to "kill" the man who was driving. It has been.
The suspect was arrested for suspicion of intimidation, and he was unemployed at 4-Chome, Kagoshima City, and he was a suspect in miyahara katsu (33)
According to the police, the miyahara suspect is on the 24th of this month, at 0 am on the national highway of kagoshima city, a 24-Year-old man chased the vehicle that was driving by a 24-Year-old man, and he was "killing" and has been suspected of threatening.
On the 25th, the man was submitting the damage report, and the police were going to check it out, but in the afternoon of the 26th, the suspect of miyahara "the video of tailgate driving on tv and social media was featured and scared" he was accompanied by a friend and appeared at the police station and was arrested.
The suspect in miyahara has been admitted to the suspicion, saying, " I was suddenly put on a brake
In the police, we are investigating that the miyahara suspect was driving by license.
News: Keiichiro Koyama'S 1th meal content has been released!
&lt;Tokyo MX "the kento of keiichiro koyama" - yahoo! News
On September 27th (Fri), the new health promotion variety of " Keiichiro Koyama " (Tokyo MX) will be the mc of the new health promotion variety of " Keiichiro Koyama " (Tokyo MX). Broadcast.
A comment has arrived from koyama, which has finished recording.
[view the image]
In order to be healthy in the future, it is important to spend your 30 s... keiichiro koyama learns about health!
This program is about 35 years old, and koyama, who started to care about his health, learning what he wants to know about health, "Health program for youth"
The program will appear in various fields of specialist, and answer the questions of koyama and guest.
The theme of this time is " vitamins
Our guests will receive naoko nozawa, Diana of, and learn about the types of vitamins and their respective work.
In order to make sure that koyama, who has been taking care of health since around the day, is going to publish the contents of the meal on the 1th to make sure that the vitamins are enough.
After finishing the recording, I think that "there are many people who don't know how vitamins are involved in their health, and they are not able to take only certain vitamins I'd like you to relieve the misunderstanding you have about vitamins on this program!" and comments.
Nagai Elementary school student, who was empowering by on-San, worked as a pacemaker on athletics, and 3 of them updated the competition | Yamagata newspaper
Children in power at 800 meters of girls.
The left is the pacemaker Joseph on-Nagai City koyo seiki athlete field nagai
Nagai City Elementary school goodwill athletics tournament was held on the 26th at the koyo seiki athlete field nagai (City Athletics Stadium), and some races were in nasu construction (City), and Joseph on (27))= from Kenya = served as a pacemaker.
A light run has set up a new record of 3 people.
On pulled a child with a total of 1000 meters and a total of 4 meters of girls.
The boys are 1th place small (Hirano Small 6) is 3 MINUTES AND 4 SECONDS 38, the girls are the 1TH PLACE IN THE 1th place. (ISA) Small 6) 2 minutes 34 seconds 17, 2TH PLACE ASANO NITAYA (NAGAI SMALL 6) Marks 2 minutes 35 seconds 73 each one surpassed the competition record.
Koseki-kun said, " it was tough to go on a fast on-Sari player, but I was patient Mr. Zhì said, " the on-Sari has been called " pace up
On Sari " the children's run was good. I was happy that I was able to do a perfect job
The competition was hosted by the Nagai City Elementary School Sports Promotion Association, and it was the 39th time to deepen the fellowship of the 6th grade of the city of the city.
Toshiyuki Nishida says, " the level is different " by Akira Nakao, who is jealous of the jealous heart, " I have been in red and White 3 times " (Sports News) - yahoo! News
Actor Hidetoshi Nishijima (48), toshiyuki nishida (71) and Akira Nakao (77) on the 27th, the movie "Chivalry Gakuen" at toho cinemas shinjuku in Tokyo. (by konno konno, Director Kimura Kimura) the first day of the release of the stage greeting.
A Humane Comedy with a unique and thick cast.
Nishida will perform the arrangement version of "until the day of meeting" as an insert song, not just a performance.
This is what nakao said, "the most frustrating thing about watching the movie is that nishida was singing" and the jealousy of jealousy.
Nishida is proud to be proud of the " past " and " Red and white " if possible, I would like to say a singer rather than an actor. The level is different
And I promised to perform a live song, " if the full house of this movie continues
The Cutting Edge Art, Okayama Art Exchange, begins in the city center: Sanyo Shimbun Digital | San Desi
People around the classroom that have become the stage of the video that draws the future of 3 years later = old the elementary school
The International Art exhibition "Okayama Arts Exchange 2019" (the city of okayama, Japan, etc.) has started on the 27th, the International Art Exhibition, which will be held every 3 years on the stage of okayama city.
"if the snake" is the mysterious title of the snake, and the art fans of the country and abroad are enjoying the cutting edge art by 18 artists in 9 countries.
This is the second time in 16, and this time, the French Artist Pierre Yui is the artistic director, and he has developed a work that lives the climate and regional resources of okayama.
In 13 places such as the old the (Marunouchi, kita ward, Okayama City) and tenjinyama cultural plaza (same tenjin-Cho), there are about 40 images and three-dimensional works.
Before the opening, there was an opening ceremony in the same small, and about people attended.
The Chairman of the executive committee, masao omori, and the general producer ishikawa, and the producer of the executive committee, "the intellectual sensitivity was inspired, and the work of imagination and creativity was set up. If you become an exhibition that will be featured from the world, I said" and I would like to have a tape cut.
The families of the family and the kids who visited immediately were able to see a snake robot that responds to the sound of the surroundings in the schoolyard of the schoolyard, and it was weird on the stage of a video of a 3-thousand years later. Over the school building.
Enjoying the art of compels in another world.
The 1th grade of high school in Tokyo, where I'm traveling with my father (15) is " the work that lives the atmosphere of the old school building is interesting. I will imagine the time that flows in this place
Until November 24th, Monday (the next day in case of public holidays) is closed.
Hong Kong, umbrella movement in 5 years, tens of thousands of assembly, aim for normal election | Shizuoka newspaper at s
5 years since the outbreak of " Umbrella Movement those gathered at the assembly venue = 28th, Hong Kong (co)
[Hong Kong co] The 2014 major demonstration of the Hong Kong Administration's election "Umbrella Movement" from the outbreak of the 28th of the 5TH OF THE 5TH OF THE 5TH OF THE 5TH OF THE 5TH OF THE 5TH OF THE 5th of the a few million assembly was held in the park near the Hong Kong government headquarters government office in the gold bell.
Some young people occupied the main road around the venue and put a molotov cocktail in the government office.
During the protests of the " fugitive ordinance " Amendment, participants were determined to fight until the realization of the " true normal election " that did not win at the time.
In June, the full-scale protest was 112 days over the 79th of the umbrella movement, and the request of the demonstrators expanded to the "great request" such as the election system reform.
Ibaraki National Polity opening today 28th | Sports | SAGA NEWSPAPER NEWS | Saga newspaper live
The 74th National Sports tournament "lively ibaraki yume national polity 2019" will be held on the 28th at the kasamatsu sports park athletics field in hitachinaka city, Ibaraki Prefecture, and it will be held until October 8th. The Battle of the day starts.
The Saga Prefecture forces are 33 players, including the 33 players, and the director, and the 400th of the 33th of the 33th of the 33th of the 33th of the 33th of the 33th
The Prefectural forces were sluggish 43 years in a row until the year of the year, but last year they surfaced to the 33th place.
The strengthening of the National Sports tournament in the prefecture in 2023 is also progressing, and this year, it is the goal of the first half of the 20th place.
In front of the session held by the 16th, the saga high school girls of rhythmic gymnastics boys, and the adult girls of gymnastics, and the boys and girls were able to win the 6TH PRIZE.
I want to aim for the top of each competition on the flow.
At the general opening ceremony, the prefectural force, the director, the director, and the headquarters of the headquarters of the 40th of the 83th of the 40th of the 40th of the 40th of the 40th of the 40th of the 40th of the
On the first day, the 3 games of wrestling, table tennis and karate are taking place.
