Suzuki Nana, second on the "Hate Women" rankings, confesses to botched episodes such as "Extra rude body touch" (The Television) - Yahoo! News
Nana Suzuki took the stage as "Shikujiri Sensei" at "Shikujiri Sensei: Don't Be Like Me!!" (Every Monday night 0:20-0:50, TV Asahi) on Monday, September 30th.
Here are some highlights from the studio's tumultuous episode.
[See picture] The whole studio is pulling out?
Nana Suzuki demonstrates "overly rude body touch"
Also, a full class version and comedy study club will be available on AbemaTV's "Abema Video" from 0:50 in the evening, immediately after the terrestrial broadcast.
In this broadcast, Suzuki will appear as "a teacher who was hated insanely by the world without knowing it if he gave his all" and give classes.
Suzuki made her debut as a model in Gal magazine in 2007 at the age of 18.
Since his first appearance on the TV show in 2011, he has been active in stirring up variety with his hyped talks and overreactions.
This year, in the first year of Reiwa, Suzuki won the first place in the "Variety and Other Category" of "Hate Women Ranking" published by a weekly magazine.
He was also voted the second best actor in the entire entertainment industry.
Suzuki reveals that as a result, his mother was shocked and his husband was bullied at work, causing trouble for his family.
In class, we look back at Suzuki's progress as a entertainer, how she came to the top of the "Hate Women ranking".
Suzuki's all-out talk and reaction were said to have been based on a comment by a senior entertainer.
In addition to reactions, Suzuki escalated his extremism with his "full-on body touch" and "full-on jokes."
In the past, Suzuki has demonstrated his body touch to his big co-stars, but the studio was shocked by his rudeness.
And, immediately after the terrestrial broadcast, a complete class version and comedy study club were delivered.
She will also candidly reveal the explosive episodes from Suzuki's time as a gallser (gal circle) and the "private secret story with her husband" that she was revealing to liven up the scene.
Setouchi City adds its own "electronic gift certificate" to reciprocal gifts with hometown tax payment: Sanyo Newspaper Digital | San-digi
Electronic gift certificate "e-city gift".
It's a payment method that involves contacting a dedicated device.
The city of Setouchi announced on the 27th that it will add its own e-city gift card as a reward for paying back the hometown tax.
It will be available at participating stores in the city from November.
It is said to be the first of its kind in the prefecture.
If you pay the hometown tax and select an electronic gift certificate as a reward, the equivalent of 30% of the donation amount will be sent to the designated smartphone.
When purchasing a product, a screen of the gift certificate is shown, and the store contacts a special stamp-type device to make the payment.
They cannot be transferred or resold.
Return gifts usually require a certain amount of time from application to arrival, but electronic gift certificates can be received instantly.
It is easily accessible to tourists.
In addition to the five hometown tax payment portal sites, it is also accepted on the city's two special websites.
Currently, there are 13 participating stores, and they aim to have 100 stores by the end of this fiscal year.
In June, in an effort to prevent excessive competition among local governments, the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications established a new system to regulate local products, setting the amount of returned goods to be procured at 30% or less of the donation amount.
According to the city, "merchants that handle local products will be members, and they will be within the guidelines."
In fiscal 2018, Setouchi City's hometown tax payment was approximately 430 million yen.
Japanese team fails to make it to the final of the men's 100 on World Athletics Day 2 | Shizuoka Newspaper &lt;unk&gt; S
Sani Brown Hakeem (left) will start the men's 100 metres semi-final.
Did not make it to the final = Doha (joint)
Kiryu Yoshihide (left) scores the men's 100m semi-final goal.
Doha: The second day of the track-and-field world championships was held in Doha on the 28th, with Sani Brown Hakeem (University of Florida), Koike Yuki (Sumitomo Electric Works) and Kiryu Yoshihide (Nippon Life Insurance) all failing to make it to the final for the men's 100 meters.
Japanese record holder Sani Brown finished fifth in a group with a time of 10.15 seconds, Koike seventh in a group with a time of 10.28 seconds, and Kiryu sixth in a group with a time of 10.16 seconds.
In the semifinals of the men's 400m hurdles, Abe Takashun (Yamada Electric), in third place with a time of 48.97 seconds, and Toyota Masaki (Law University), in second place with a time of 50.30 seconds, both failed to make it to the final.
Driving in high heels is dangerous!
There are many accidents where young people step on the wrong pedal (Auto Messe Web) - Yahoo! News
Violation of the Road Traffic Act
Reports of accidents caused by mishandling, such as stepping on the wrong pedal, are increasing and attracting attention, but it is a big mistake to think that this is a problem only for elderly drivers.
According to the 2015 National Police Agency data, the most common age at which pedal stepping accidents occurred was 1080 for those aged 24 and under, exceeding the 1,032 for those aged 75 and over.
Stepping on the wrong foot is not common among the elderly, and it is important to caution the younger generation as well.
Do you want to look stylish on your feet?
You want to make sure we're safe?
Although there is no description of the gender ratio or cause in the data, compared to older adults, who are more likely to be due to physical decline such as driving skills or reflexes, younger adults may make careless mistakes when they are distracted by other things such as music or conversation, or may make mistakes in stepping due to clothing or other factors.
Some women, in particular, opt for high heels, pumps, sandals and mules, as well as a variety of shoes depending on their outfit of the day, before driving off.
Some people find it troublesome to change their shoes, knowing they are not suited to driving, but many are driving without any ill will, with no thought to the possibility of causing danger.
However, driving in high heels and sandals is against the Road Traffic Act.
The first is Article 70, "Violation of safe driving duty" which stipulates "Ensuring control of the steering wheel, brake or other operations" and "Driving in a manner that may cause an accident and cause harm to people".
The other is Article 71, which stipulates that the driver must comply with the matters set forth by the respective prefectural public safety committees. For example, the Miyazaki Prefecture Road Traffic Law Enforcement bylaw stipulates in Article 12 that "the driver must not drive a vehicle (excluding a light vehicle) wearing geta, slippers, high heels or other footwear that may interfere with the driver's operation, or wearing footwear in a manner that interferes with the driver's operation."
Each prefecture has the same intent to consider driving with "footwear that may interfere with driving operation" as a violation, even if it is not specified as high heels.
So why is it dangerous to drive in high heels?
That's obvious given the basics of safe pedal operation.
For safe and reliable pedal operation, first secure the heel of your foot to the floor, place your foot so that it is perpendicular to the brake pedal, and when you step on the accelerator, use that as a fulcrum and lean your toe to the right.
Regardless of the behavior of the car, it is important to keep the heel firmly anchored so that it does not shake.
However, with high heels the area where the heel is grounded to the floor is small, and it is always wobbly, and because the heel is high and the whole foot is angled, the area of the toe that is grounded to the pedal is also small, so it is difficult to step on firmly, and it is difficult to adjust finely.
This is believed to be a risk.
Most cars have floor carpets, but this material can easily catch the heel of a high heel, preventing the pedal from stepping on it when it suddenly breaks, or when the heel gets caught and the high heel takes off, causing it to get stuck in the back of the pedal and become impossible to step on.
There was also a case where the heel got stuck on the back of the pedal when stepping on it and then returning it, preventing the accelerator from returning.
Toyota to make Subaru an equity-method affiliate as it accelerates joint development of new AWD vehicles and next generation 86 / BRZ models (Response) - Yahoo! News
Toyota Motor Corporation and Subaru Corporation reached an agreement on a new business capital alliance on September 27.
Toyota will acquire an additional stake in Subaru and make it an affiliate company subject to the equity method.
Since the two companies entered into a business alliance in 2005, they have been engaged in cooperative activities, such as contract manufacturing of Toyota vehicles by Subaru, supply of vehicles from Toyota to Subaru, and joint development of FR sports cars "86" and "BRZ".
In June of this year, the two automakers also agreed to develop an EV platform and vehicle utilizing Subaru's all-wheel-drive (AWD) technology and Toyota's electrification technology.
Under the business capital alliance, Toyota will acquire an additional stake in Subaru.
Toyota currently holds a 16.83% stake in Subaru, but will acquire an additional 20% stake in Subaru.
Toyota Motor Corporation is a wholly owned subsidiary of Toyota Motor Corporation.
Subaru, on the other hand, will acquire Toyota shares, amounting to the same amount (up to 80 billion yen) as Toyota required to acquire Subaru shares.
The two companies will develop and strengthen their cooperative relationship through a business capital alliance.
They will jointly develop the AWD model and the next model 86 / BRZ, expand the installation of THS (Toyota Hybrid System) in Subaru vehicles, cooperate in the connected area, and promote technological cooperation in the field of autonomous driving.
U. S. to accept at least 18,000 refugees for third year in a row | Shizuoka Newspaper S
Washington: The U. S. State Department announced on the 26th that it will reduce the maximum number of refugees it will accept from around the world to 18,000 in the 2020 fiscal year (October2019-September 2020).
It is the third year in a row that the minimum number of displaced people has been exceeded since 1980, when the Refugee Act was introduced.
The Trump administration is aiming to appeal to conservatives with its tough immigration and refugee policies as it gears up for next year's election.
With so many people displaced from their countries, it is inevitable that there will be criticism from human rights groups and others.
The former Obama administration set the ceiling at 110,000 for fiscal 2017, but the Trump administration, which took office in January 2017, reversed that and reduced the number to 50,000.
The number has continued to decline year by year, from 45,000 in fiscal 2018 to 30,000 in fiscal 2019.
Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare confirms whether unlicensed child care facilities will raise their ride-hailing rates or make it free: Hokkaido Shimbun Newspaper Doshin Online Edition
Ahead of the free early childhood education and childcare that will begin in October, the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare said in a letter that it had confirmed a case at an unlicensed childcare facility that appeared to be a ride-hailing increase subsidized by the government, and urged prefectures and municipalities nationwide to check if there were any similar cases and provide guidance as necessary.
According to the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare, several facilities have confirmed that they will only raise the usage fee for children aged 3 and over who are eligible for the subsidy, or that they will raise the price in October.
Complaints had also been made to the free call centre set up by the Cabinet Office.
According to the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare, "there must be no price increase without reason."
"D-8" The torch of the 100th National Sports Festival flares up on Dokdo = South Korea (JoongAng Ilbo Japanese version) - Yahoo! News
A torch was lit on the easternmost island of the Republic of Korea, Dokdo (Japanese name: Takeshima), to announce the 100th National Sports Festival (All National Sports Festival).
On the 26th, at 6:30am, the city of Seoul held a torch lighting event to commemorate the national sports tournament at the helicopter landing site of the Dokdo security forces in Ulleung District, Gyeongsangbuk-do.
It is the first time in 15 years that the torch of the national sports tournament has been lit on Dokdo since the 85th one was held in Chungbuk in 2004.
Following the kite flying performance to pray for peace, Kim Song Hwan, vice-chairman of the Seoul City Council, read out the declaration.
"I stood on Dokdo to remember the past 99 years of the national sports tournament and praise the will of the people to decide for themselves," Kim said. "100 years ago, our people made a glorious history of the March 1 movement and the establishment of the Korean government, and I want to add the centennial history of the national sports tournament to that history."
Greetings from the head of Ulleung County followed.
"Recently, for no reason, Japan has tightened its economy and claimed Dokdo as its territory," said Kim Byeong-soo, the head of Ulleung District, stressing that "the people of Japan should come together to overcome this situation through this national sports tournament."
Vice-chairman Kim and the head of the county Kim lit the torch together.
The torch was passed to the first runner, Ho Won-seok, head of the Dokdo security team, and Oh Joseph, through the hands of Seoul's sports promotion chief, Jo Song Ho, who was the leader of the torch bearers.
The event was originally scheduled to be held on the 21st, but was postponed to that day due to Typhoon Hagibis moving north.
Captain Ho Won-seok, who has been working on the island since January, said, "It's sad and hard, but I work with pride that no one can protect our territory," adding, "It's an honor to participate as a runner in the torch relay on the 100th anniversary of the sports tournament in Dokdo."
Captain Ho took over from the helicopter landing site to the middle of the island, while Team O took over from the halfway point to the dock.
The torch will travel to Ulleungdo, where it will be joined by Kim Song Ho, a resident of Ulleungdo, and the head of Kim County, in turn, on the Guanyindo Island Bridge.
The torch began on the 22nd at the Chamsong Dan in Ganghwa Island.
As this is the 100th anniversary, the Torch Relay will also be the largest ever.
The torch of the Manisan Star Temple will go around Incheon, Goyang, Suwon, etc.
The torch of Ganghwa Island will be lit as a single fireworks display after being joined by special ignitions at Seoul Square on the 29th of this month, which took place at Imjingaku, Malado and Dokdo.
On the other hand, Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon explained at a media briefing on the 25th that "this is an era where the power of collective intelligence, not a few heroes, is important" and "that is why the basic concept of the national sports tournament has been decided on'Many Stars. '"
Korea-Bulgaria summit talks on ways to expand cooperation, including on nuclear power and defense industries (Yonhap News) - Yahoo! News
[Seoul = Yonhap News] South Korean President Moon Jae-in met Bulgarian Prime Minister Borissov, who is on an official visit to South Korea, at the Cheongwadae Presidential Palace on the 27th to discuss ways to expand substantive cooperation between the two countries.
This is the first time the Bulgarian Prime Minister has visited South Korea.
President Moon welcomed Prime Minister Borissov's visit to the Republic of Korea ahead of the 30th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations next year, and highly praised his leadership in leading the development of Bulgaria.
They commended the continued increase in trade and investment between the two countries in the face of the global expansion of protectionism, and agreed to work together to expand economic cooperation in the future.
Moon welcomed Bulgaria's policy of granting "strategic investor" status to Korean companies, and expressed his hope that this will encourage Korean companies to invest in Bulgaria.
He also stressed that South Korea can be the best partner for Bulgaria as it pursues the introduction of nuclear power plants and the modernization of its national defense, calling for interest and cooperation so that Korean companies can participate in the Bulgarian government's nuclear power order and promotion of the defense industry.
They also agreed to strengthen future-oriented cooperation in the areas of electric vehicle (EV) batteries and automotive components, as well as in the renewable energy sector.
Prime Minister Borissov expressed the hope that the two countries would also work closely together in ICT (information and communication technology), science and technology, and education, areas in which South Korea is a leader.
They also discussed the peace process on the Korean peninsula, and Moon expressed gratitude for Bulgaria's support for the South Korean government's efforts towards the consolidation of peace on the Korean peninsula, including its statement in support of the inter-Korean and US-North Korea summits.
Prime Minister Borissov praised President Moon's will and the efforts of the South Korean government in building a peace regime on the Korean peninsula and reiterated the firm support of the Bulgarian government.
The meeting was also attended by Song Yun-mo, the Minister of Trade, Industry and Energy, Lee Ho-sung, the Chief Economic Secretary of the Korean Presidential Office, and Kim Hyun-jong, the Second Deputy Director of the National Security Office.
First Vice-Minister Jo Se Young of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs was also in attendance, acting on behalf of Foreign Minister Kang Kyung Hwa, who is visiting the United States.
Kinki Ceramics, a local industry in Hyogo and Awaji Island that manufactures "Awaji tiles," files for semi-bankruptcy, with a debt of approximately 2 billion yen (Imperial Data Bank) - Yahoo! News
It was also affected by the fact that consumers are moving away from tiled roofs due to the sluggish housing market and the repeated damage caused by earthquakes.
Kinki Ceramics Co., Ltd. (TDB Corporate Code: 530173983, Capital: 99.2 million yen, Otani 881-8, Awaji City, Hyogo Prefecture, Representative: Kozo Fukuhara, 44 employees) filed for semi-bankruptcy at the Kobe District Court on August 30.
Daichi Yoshida (1-10-8 Nishitenman, Kita-ku, Osaka, Osaka, Japan; Yoshida Daichi Law Firm, Tel: 06-6365-6038) and one other attorney will represent the applicant.
We are a tile manufacturer founded in June 1895 and reorganized as a corporation in April 1961.
Initially, they started their business as a manufacturer of ibushi tiles, a local industry on Awaji Island, in Seitan-cho, Mihara-gun (present day Minami Awaji City), under the trade name of Kinki Ceramics Co., Ltd.
In October 1986, the company absorbed Kyowa Ceramics Co., Ltd., took over the business of Kinki Sangyo Co., Ltd., and at the same time changed its name to the current name and moved its head office to the current location.
Subsequently, sales offices were set up in Fukuyama, Hiroshima, Oita, Miyazaki, and other cities, and the current system was established. In the past, ibushi tiles were mainly used, but now, due to changes in consumer needs, Western-style tiles such as flat plate tiles are manufactured at a rate of 70%, and Japanese tiles such as ibushi tiles are manufactured at a rate of 30%.
The company has built a wide operating base mainly in western Japan, including major house manufacturers, building materials trading companies, and roofing contractors, and posted annual sales of approximately 3.16 billion yen in the fiscal year ended December 2004.
The company was well known as the top tile manufacturer in Awaji Island.
However, due to sluggish housing market after the Lehman Shock, as well as the continued damage caused by earthquakes such as the Great East Japan Earthquake and the Kumamoto Earthquake, consumer demand for tiled roofs has been sluggish, and annual sales for the fiscal year ending December 2018 fell to approximately 1.34 billion yen.
In terms of profits, in addition to a decline in profit margins due to the rise in fuel prices, the company was suffering from inventory burden and excessive interest-bearing debt associated with capital investment, resulting in a series of deficits and a severe financial position.
Consequently, the bank had been trying to reorganize its business by, for example, asking financial institutions to relax the terms of repayment of loans, but there was no sign of a recovery in business conditions and its financial position was gradually tight.
When they came here, they were not able to support themselves enough and gave up on continuing the business, so this measure was taken.
The debt is currently under investigation, but is expected to be around 2 billion yen.
The Prefectural Museum of Dinosaurs in Katsuyama City, Fukui Prefecture, which is promoting the "industrialization of tourism" (Photo taken with Japanese aerial photography and a small unmanned drone)
Katsuyama City in Fukui Prefecture announced on September 25 that it plans to acquire approximately 25,300 square meters of land (Kodo-cho, Fukui Prefecture) adjacent to the site of the construction of a roadside station, "Dinosaur Valley Katsuyama," which will open next spring.
In order to accelerate the "industrialization of tourism" advocated by the city and the local business community, it aims to attract hotels and restaurants that specialize in accommodation.
This was explained by the trustees at a special committee meeting the same day to develop a visitor hub for the city council.
With the opening of the Hokuriku Shinkansen in spring 2023, the opening of the entire Chuo Jukan-Jidoshado Expressway in the prefecture, and the expansion and renovation of the Prefectural Dinosaur Museum (Katsuyama City), as well as the strengthening of its functions, the city plans to shift from a focus on day trips to stay-at-home tourism, with a focus on attracting accommodation facilities.
To be acquired, there is a private idle land next to the roadside station construction site to the east.
Surrounded by the Kuzuryu River, Takinami River, and prefectural roads, it is more than twice the size of a roadside station (about 12,000 square meters).
The City Land Development Corporation will proceed with land negotiations from this fiscal year on the ostensible purpose of developing the industrial complex, and after land acquisition, land will be reclaimed in fiscal 2021.
According to the city, they have already been approached by private businesses, such as farmers' restaurants and harvest experience facilities, as well as fast food and restaurants.
Regarding accommodation facilities, the city has also announced its intention to attract lodging-only hotels adjacent to roadside stations, which Sekisui House is planning around the country.
Sekisui House plans to expand to three locations in Fukui Prefecture, but several other cities and towns have indicated their intention to attract the project, and there is a possibility of competition.
The city is also planning to build a parking lot.
Some members of the committee said that the maintenance schedule was too slow, and called for speed up, while others said that they wanted to make sure there was no land to fall asleep (unsold).
Deputy Mayor Mizukami Sanekio said, "We will do our best to attract hotels and other facilities," adding, "We want to showcase Katsuyama's advantages by putting the Prefectural Dinosaur Museum and Ski Jam Katsuyama in the spotlight."
The seventh day of the fall Hokushinetsu district high school baseball tournament in Fukui Prefecture will be September 28th, and two semifinal games will be held at Fukui Prefectural Stadium.
This is an important game where if you win, you can get a ticket to the Hokushinetsu tournament.
The only remaining seed school, Atsugakehi, is a meeting with Hokuriku.
Tsuruga, who won a close game against Fukui Commercial in the quarter-finals, will clash with Hamizu, who is currently riding on the momentum of the tournament.
In the first game, Tsuruga Kihi has advanced all the way to the cold.
In the first round of the tournament, he had a tough time throwing and won comfortably.
In the second round against Takefu Kogyo, Kasashima Naoki, who was active at Koshien this summer, pitched 5 innings with no runs and 9 strikeouts, and showed the dignity of an ace.
Their batting line had 15 hits in the quarter-final match against the Three Nations, so they will be in a good position to face Hokuriku.
[Team Profile] Atsugakehi - Koshien Battery Axis
Hokuriku, on the other hand, is getting stronger with each game.
In the first round, he upsets Fujishima in the last round and escapes with a point.
In the second round, he overcame Mikata's tailspin and won by one point.
In the quarter-finals, his batting line exploded, and he defeated Seed Sakai with a cold.
Betting is starting to bite, and I would like to get a ticket for Hokushinetsu with this stream.
[Team Profile] Hokuriku - A batting line with explosive power
Tsuruga, who will appear in the second game, has won the baseball game by protecting the battery.
In the first round against Wakasa, the pitchers stepped up and won with the least amount of runs.
In the second round against Takefu, they also lost 2 points.
In the quarter-finals, they were 10-9 up against seed Fukui Commercial, but they should have beaten a strong school and strengthened their confidence.
Even in the battle of Hamizu, we want to win with the help of a firm defense.
[Team Profile] Tsuruga - A chance to win on the battery shaft
On the other hand, Hamizu defeated seed Fukui Institute of Technology in the first round.
After a disappointing performance, they went on to win the Challenge Cup by a point in the fourth round.
The centre-back batting line, which the manager says is "destructive," will also be a focus of attention in the semi-finals.
[Team Profile] Hamizu - A destructive mid-axis batting line
Quarter-final (September 28)
Atsugakehi - Hokuriku (10am)
Tsuruga - Hamizu (0:30 p.m.)
Canoe: Japanese team misses out on semi-final (premium article)
Taekwondo and Matsui Takashi ranked second in premium articles.
BitPoint, which has leaked 3 billion yen worth of crypto assets, to resume service (Gentosha Gold Online) - Yahoo! News
In July of this year, "BitPoint", a crypto asset exchange where 3 billion yen worth of Bitcoin (BTC) and other assets were fraudulently leaked.
The operator, Bitpoint Japan Inc., announced on September 30th that it will resume its crypto asset sending (money transfer) service.
Some measures, including measures to prevent it from happening again, are thought to have been in place.
BitPoint, which leaked Bitcoin and Ripple in July this year
Bit Point Japan, the operator of the crypto asset exchange BitPoint, announced on the 27th that it plans to resume its crypto asset sending (money transfer) service on Monday, September 30th at around 2p.m.
In addition to dealing with affected customers and communicating with the Financial Services Agency, certain measures to prevent recurrence, such as a management system that includes security aspects, are likely to have been in place.
Bit Point Japan said in a statement, "We will resume service as soon as possible, with safety as our number one priority, and work to restore trust from users."
In July of this year, 3 billion yen worth of crypto assets such as Bitcoin (BTC) and Ripple (XRP) were leaked from the exchange.
At a press conference that followed, regarding the continuation of the business, he mentioned that "there is a balance of about 3 billion yen in cash and deposits, even after deducting the amount of compensation" and "We aim to resume service as soon as possible, with the priority of protecting users as the priority."
This article was originally published on CoinPost on September 27,2019.
"Messi II" born in Israel signs with ninth club in his career (Sport. Es) - Yahoo! News
Guy Aslin, who joined Barca at the age of 12, was once dubbed "Messi II" due to his often impressive play and style.
Now 28, Guy Aslin has joined a new team in what will be the ninth club of his professional career.
Talent, buried pearls of the cantera.
With Ansu Fati attracting the attention of those around him, there are many falls in football and there is a very effective example of the warning that "there is no need to hurry".
An outstandingly talented player, but lacking the luck needed to achieve success, he signed a two-year contract with Poly Iasi of the Romanian First Division.
The team, whose colours are blue and white, are currently in fifth place in the league.
Guy Aslin made his senior debut for Barca at the tender age of 18 years and six months in a Copa del Rey match against Kurtural Leonesa in 2009 / 10.
However, his contract with Barca was terminated at the end of the season, which marked the beginning of Aslin's long journey with the club.
He did not play for the same team for more than two seasons.
Manchester City, Brighton and Hove Albion (on loan from City), Racing Santander, Hercules, Mallorca, Hapoel Tel Aviv, Sabadell, Kailat Almaty and now Poly Iasi have all been linked with new clubs giving the Israeli midfielder the chance to kickstart his career again.
FamilySupport implements unique safety measures 35% of local governments to provide free child care | Shizuoka Newspaper &lt;unk&gt; S
Bereaved families of the child care accident (right) holding a press conference on the findings of the "Family Support Center Project" at the Osaka Prefectural Government Office on the afternoon of the 27th
A private survey conducted on the 27th revealed that 35% of the municipalities implementing the "Family Support Center Project" (Famisapo), in which the government connects parents who want to temporarily take care of their children with support members who take care of their children in private homes, have strengthened their own safety measures.
Bereaved families of child care accidents are calling for the government to set strict standards, ahead of free early childhood education and childcare being rolled out in October.
A survey of 921 local governments was carried out by the Network for the Elimination of Serious Accidents in Childcare, which is made up of parents and professionals who have lost their children in accidents while in nursery.
Responses were received from 274 local governments.
The government's implementation guidelines only require aid members to take emergency lifesaving courses.
Darvish summed up this season "It's been a different life so far" (East Sport Web) - Yahoo! News
[St. Louis, Missouri, 27th (28th Japan Standard Time)]
"I haven't done anything for two days or so," Cubs pitcher Darvish Yu (33), who pitched this season after his playoff chances were extinguished, said in an interview about his current state of mind. "It's boring just watching baseball (from the bench) with no purpose."
He started 31 games this season with a 6-8 record and a 3.98 ERA, but threw 178 2 / 3 innings and struck out 229.
In the second half of the game, his pitching form was particularly stable, and he continued to juggle opposing hitters with his outstanding control and overwhelming ball power.
"It's definitely a different place in my life now. I didn't think I would feel that way at 33. In the spring I was thinking 'this is how I'm going to end up,' but I feel like I can't believe I came back from that and was in a better position," she said of the fulfilling season.
I have been feeling better since the beginning of June.
"There's more I can do every day, more I can do one thing a day," she said.
There was a lot of trial and error, but by challenging my own hypotheses one after another my condition has improved significantly, and my grades have improved with it.
"Being thrown off the injured list all year long" also boosted his confidence, he said.
"We'll have to figure it out," said Darvish, who has an opt-out right to have his contract terminated after this season. "I'll have to speak to my agent and my family. Basically, I have no complaints about this team. It's fun."
They have yet to reach a final conclusion, but they seem to be settling for it.
Yonezawa Ren rises one stroke to second place Kanaya Takumi 12th place / Asia Amateur (Golf Digest Online (GDO)) - Yahoo! News
Shibuno Himuko was given one cow.
Break Windred (Australia), who started out as the sole leader, finished with five birdies and four bogies for a 71.
He finished with a total of 10 under par.
Yonezawa Ren (2nd year of Tohoku Fukushi University) and Lee Joon Min (South Korea), who shot a "67" with six birdies and a bogey, were in second place, one stroke behind.
As for the other Japanese players, Katsuragawa Aruto (Nichidai 3rd year), who started out in 9th place, played with "70" and moved up to 5th place.
Kanaya Takumi (Tohoku Fukushi University 3rd year) and Nakajima Keita (Nippon Sport Science University 1st year), who are ranked 1st in the amateur world and need to win the tournament consecutively, are ranked at 3 under 12.
Eishun Yoshihara (University of California, Los Angeles) is in 16th place at 2 under.
Aoshima Kengo (Wake Forest University) narrowly qualified at 9-over 59th place.
Japanese results on the second day 2T / -9 / Yonezawa Ren 5T / -5 / Katsuragawa Manned 12T / -3 / Kanaya Takumi, Nakajima Keita 16T / -2 / Yoshihara Eishun 59T / + 9 / Aoshima Kengo
Saga heavy rains and support circle: Famous noodle "Taramen" served at evacuation shelter, cheering up the victims | Local Topics | Saga Shimbun News | Saga Shimbun live
Children enjoying Omachi's soul food "Taramen" on their way home from the bath = Omachi General Welfare Center Misato
On the evening of the 25th, the Omachi Tarumen Management Council (head of Suzuyama Kensuke), made by a shop that offers Omachi's famous noodle "Tarumen", served "Tarumen" at the Misato Town General Welfare Center, which is an evacuation shelter for those affected by the heavy rains.
The soul food has been loved since the Kitajima coal mine was built, and it has helped to cheer up the victims.
"The only thing we can do is make taro noodles and have them eat them," he started.
Four restaurants that had taro noodles on their menus worked together to prepare 90 servings, and brought them to the evacuation shelter along with rice balls.
The ginger-rich beef bone soup was filled with thin noodle noodles and topped with pork head meat, prawns, vegetables, and other ingredients.
They offered a "taste of Omachi" not only to those sheltering in evacuation centers, but also to those who came to the baths provided by the Self-Defense Force.
One man (66) said, "I've been a fan since I was young, but it's been a year since I ate it. It reminds me of the old days." Another sibling, aged 20 and 22, moved in about a year ago and said, "It's my first time eating it. It's delicious. I want to go out and eat it this time."
Vice-president Fujise Kenichiro also rushed to the restaurant after the cooking was over, cheering them on by saying, "We will cooperate if we can so that they can get back to their daily lives as soon as possible."
One year since the East Iburi earthquake: Securing water even in the event of a power outage A condominium in Hakodate that is installing "sprinkler plugs" directly connected to water pipes: Hokkaido Shimbun Newspaper Doshin Online Edition
Measures are being implemented at condominiums in Hakodate city, where water was cut off in response to a total power outage (blackout) caused by the eastern Iburi earthquake last September.
According to the Department of Water and Sewerage in the city's Bureau of Business, seven condominiums have installed "watering plugs" in the year since the earthquake, which can discharge water in the event of a power outage.
There are about 400 four-story or more condominiums and private communal housing units in the city that are "receiving water" that may be cut off in the event of a power outage, and the department is calling for action to be considered.
There are two main types of water supply for houses: The "receiving system," in which water is temporarily stored in a receiving tank located underground or on the roof, and the "direct connection system," in which water is supplied directly from the city's water distribution pipes to each household.
Even if the water pipe is not damaged, if the electric pump that pumps water from the receiving tank to each household stops working due to a power outage, etc., the water supply will not be possible and each household will be cut off.
Drill in case of distress (Aomori Prefecture) (Aomori Broadcasting) - Yahoo! News
A search and rescue drill was conducted in Shingo Village for those in distress ahead of the autumn mushroom picking season.
Sixty people from the police, fire department, and Ryoyukai participated in the drill held at Hirakozawa Forest Park in Shingo Village.
At the opening ceremony, Chief Tsukeda of the Gohe Police Station called for "close cooperation and hard work in training."
Chief Takahashi's declaration, "We will now commence mountain training and rescue drill"
The drill was conducted on the assumption that a man who had set off to pick mushrooms would not return home at night.
Those who took part were divided into three groups and searched the mountain, calling out the name of the missing man.
In Shingo Village, a man in his 70s who went into the mountains to pick wild vegetables in June went missing and was rescued the next day with injuries.
During the drill, an injured man was found and put on a stretcher to go down the mountain. The coordination from search to rescue was confirmed, and preparations were made for the autumn mushroom picking season, when distress is likely.
Nishijima Hidetoshi, how dare you at a drinking party with the "Ninkyo Gakuen" team?
Outstanding teamwork on the first day of the show (Movie Walker) - Yahoo! News
The first day of "Ninkyo Gakuen", a movie adaptation of Satoshi Konno's popular novel series "Ninkyo", was held at TOHO Cinemas Shinjuku on September 27th, with Hidetoshi Nishijima, Toshiyuki Nishida, Junshi Ito, Akira Nakao and director Hisashi Kimura taking the stage.
As a special guest, Konno from the original film rushed to the scene and said, "I love this movie! Himura (played by Nishijima) is cool in every cut and every scene. As much as I envy him," with much affection for the finished film, the cast members also showed happy smiles.
[See picture] Nishijima Hidetoshi's drinking party is revealed!
On the opening day of "Ninkyo Gakuen", he gave a speech on the stage.
This poignant story follows the leader of the Akimoto gang, a yakuza who has no interest in contributing to society, as he takes on the task of rebuilding a high school that is on the brink of bankruptcy, and solves a number of difficult problems with the help of his in-laws.
Nishida plays the strong-faced but somewhat hateful leader of the group, while Nishijima plays Himura, the number 2 member of the Akimoto group, who is always being swayed by his boss.
Nishijima said, "I've been nervous up until today," with an emotional expression on his face as he entered the first day.
He said, "We have a really strong team, not just during the shooting, but even after the shooting is over, and we get together often to talk a lot."
Ito also said with a laugh, "There was a review meeting, a simple drinking party with no remorse at all," and revealed that he spent a valuable time saying, "It was a positive for the field to be able to make that kind of time. Teamwork improved, and motivation increased. It continues regularly even after it's over, and I have many good memories."
In talking about the drinking party, an unexpected face of Nishijima was also revealed.
Nishijima confessed, "When I was having a review meeting with these members, I drank too much. There's a lot I don't remember about half of the time."
Nishida said, "The other party doesn't understand how you are flinching," and he was impressed, saying, "It looks like you're sober, but were you drunk? I think it's a really good way to get drunk," which made the audience laugh.
It was a work that developed good teamwork, and Nishida showed his motivation by saying, "If it gets a good reputation, it might become a series. I would like to work hard toward making it a series with your help", Ito said, "We are full of motivation to make it a series", Nakao said, "It was frustrating because Nishida was singing after watching the movie. If it is made into a series, I would like to sing this time", and Kimura said, "A sequel has already been decided for me", and received a lot of applause.
Prefectural Fisheries Federation "Let's start discussions toward full-scale operation" Chairman Nono expresses restraint over his remark about releasing water into the ocean "Iwaki Minpo Official Website
Following the TEPCO Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant accident, discussions on full-scale operation of the pilot fishery off the coast of Fukushima Prefecture were scheduled to take place in each district and other areas.
The president's meeting of the Federation of Fisheries Co-operative Associations was held at the Prefectural Fisheries Hall in Chuo Daiino on the 27th, in the presence of union presidents from the prefecture, and President Yatetsu said, "As the Federation of Fisheries, I think there is a need for a flow toward full-scale operation. I would like each of you to gather representatives and start discussions."
The union president's meeting also approved the formal addition of maggots, cherry salmon and murasoi off the coast of Fukushima Prefecture to the fish species subject to pilot operations, after the lifting of the shipping restriction directive.
The remaining two species of fish were the gnomefish and the common cusp.
In an interview with the press after the event, Chairman Nono stressed that the start of full-scale operations had yet to be decided.
Regarding the treated water after purifying the contaminated water from the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, he said, "There is a problem with discussions that have a Keren flavor. My position against releasing it into the ocean remains the same," and he suppressed comments by former Environment Minister Harada Yoshiaki and Osaka City Mayor Matsui Ichiro.
When discussing full-scale operations, Egawa Akira, president of the Iwaki City Fisheries Cooperative, said, "It is necessary to gather opinions from below," and said he would respect the wishes of members.
A board meeting will be held at the branch offices of the cooperative to resolve the issues one by one, and then a conclusion will be made as a result of the cooperative.
"In addition to fishermen, we also need to have discussions with middlemen," says Kanji Tateya, president of the Soma Futaba Fisheries Cooperative.
The Soma Futaba Fisheries Cooperative, with the support of the national government, said, "It's important to get the catch back first," as seven new ships will enter the fishery next year, and expressed their intention to improve the environment in parallel with discussions on full-scale operations.
Karatsu Tobacco Marketing Cooperative, a street activity aimed at improving driving and smoking manners | Local Topics | Saga Shimbun News | Saga Shimbun live
Members calling for safe driving by drivers in front of Waseda Saga Junior High and High School in Higashijo, Karatsu
To coincide with the "Autumn Traffic Safety Citizens' Campaign," the Karatsu Tobacco Marketing Cooperative took to the streets in front of Waseda Saga Junior High and High School in Higashijo, Karatsu, on the 26th.
About 10 people, including union members, participated in the event and called for safe driving for drivers.
The participants handed out leaflets and ballpoint pens to the drivers, while shouting "Please drive safely".
They also handed over portable ashtrays to encourage people not to litter their cigarettes, and appealed for improved smoking manners.
Kumamoto Fujio (80), chairman of the association, said, "There are a lot of accidents every year (in the prefecture), and Aori driving has increased in recent years. I'd like people to drive with good manners and care."
Is "beauty and ugliness" a piece of paper?
What is the image of "snake" that overlaps with the beautiful girls in Umezu Kazuo's work (Magics) - Yahoo! News
Do they have in common a mysterious beauty and a shadowed expression?
"Umezu Kazuo: Pretty Girl Collection" (Genkosha) was released in August, 2019, which focuses on the beautiful girls drawn by Umezu Kazuo, a leading artist of "fear manga" who has created numerous works since the 1950s.
When I pick it up and look at it, I am reminded of the correlation between "beauty" and "fear" in Kazuo Umezu's work.
[Image] Is it attractive because of "shadow"?
Beautiful girls in the works of Kazuo Umezu (5 pictures)
In the opening chapter of "The Beautiful Girl Collection," there is a sentence that "fear and ugliness, as well as the shocking scenes and developments of the story, stand out because of the beauty of these women at the opposite end of the spectrum", but it may be because of the contrast that "fear" becomes more prominent, such as the distortion of beautiful faces and the expression of resentment that harbors a grudge.
The keyword "snake" appears a lot in Umezu Kazuo's works, and there are different ways of receiving snakes, from people who see them as "creepy creatures" to people who think they are "beautiful."
There are people in the world who like reptiles, and there are people who just don't like them.
In this way, depending on the viewer's sensitivity, "beauty" and "ugliness" may be inextricably linked to "snake".
This creature has been worshipped since ancient times as a creature with high spiritual power, and it is also said that the house where the "white snake" settled is good luck.
Umezu's works based on "Snake" include "Hebi Shojo" and "Madara no Shojo" from the 1965 "Mama ga kowai!" Series.
In general, it is the shadowy beauties who become "snake women" in the market.
To put it in a modern way, it can be said that it is a "cool beauty" type … I feel like that is the common point of the beautiful girls who appear in Umezu's work.
Above all, "Orochi", the main character of "Orochi", which has been serialized in "Shukan Shonen Sunday" since 1969, is a beautiful girl character that can be said to be a representative of Umezu's work. In order to maintain eternal life and eternal youth, she goes to a deep sleep every 100 years, and the part that has mysterious power somehow reminds me of "snake".
Seven exchange students from Xavier High School paid a courtesy call on the mayor [Sanyo Onoda] | Ube Daily This town media Web
Seven students studying at Xavier High School (Principal Matsubara Hideki) paid a courtesy call on Fujita Goji, the mayor of Onoda, Sanyo, on the 26th.
The international students talked about what they wanted to do during their stay, and Mayor Fujita encouraged them to have a meaningful school life.
High school students (15-17 years old) from around the world came to Japan last month, taking advantage of the "Asia Bridge Project" subsidized by the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology.
The six girls, from China, Cambodia, Mongolia, Thailand, Indonesia and Malaysia, live in dormitories at the school and spend eight months there.
The Turkish boy will spend 10 months in school while staying with his family.
The international students who visited the city hall introduced themselves one by one in Japanese.
Commenting on his impression of the city, he said, "When I take a walk, people I don't know greet me. It's a quiet, pleasant city."
He also said, "I would like to see Mt. Fuji while I am in Japan."
Other than that, the girls who live in the dorm also had the opportunity to interact with their host families and told them that they were looking forward to volunteering at the library festival.
Mayor Fujita said, "I want people to actively gain various experiences and experiences, and I'd like them to invite their friends and host families to participate in the city's Halloween event that will be held at Onoda Sun Park next month."
Deputy Minister Yamamoto deletes meal Tweet explaining cause of helicopter crash the night before | Shizuoka Newspaper &lt;unk&gt; S
Deputy Defense Minister Yamamoto Tomohiro posted a comment along with a photo of Iwata Kazuchika, the Parliamentary Vice-Minister for Defense, and deleted the Twitter screen.
Deputy Defense Minister Yamamoto Tomohiro deleted a Twitter comment by the 27th that said "This yakitori is delicious" while eating at a yakitori restaurant in Saga Prefecture.
Yamamoto was in Kanzaki on the 26th to explain to the local government the findings of the investigation into the accident that occurred last February in which a JSDF AH64D combat helicopter crashed.
In the evening of the same day, he tweeted "I came to Saga Prefecture on a business trip!"
He posted comments such as "This yakitori is delicious" along with a picture of Iwata Kazuchika, the Parliamentary Vice-Minister for Defense from the prefecture, who was also present at the meal.
In the car accident, a girl in the house was injured, and two members of the team were killed.
Yamamoto has been elected to the lower house four times, and has been elected to the southern Kanto proportional representation elections.
[Koshiyama Wakamizu] The circle of "children's cafeterias" that offer free or inexpensive meals to children is spreading nationwide.
According to a survey conducted by nonprofits and other organizations, there were about 3,700 active locations nationwide this year.
This is a 1.6-fold increase compared to 2018, and there are 24 locations in Fukui Prefecture, up nine from last year.
I wonder why it's a children's cafeteria now.
Yuasa Makoto, the chairman of the NPO and a social activist, gave a lecture in Sakai about the background and significance of the event.
Due to the declining birthrate and aging population, the area has become lonely, and the shopping street has declined.
There were no more places for people to meet.
Therefore, "there was a need for a hub for people-to-people interaction in the area."
Even though it is called a children's dining hall, it is a place for "multi-generational exchange" where the elderly people also participate.
It will not only eliminate solitary eating, but will also support childcare and promote the health of the elderly.
We need to break the cycle of poverty and revitalize communities.
The key thing is, don't have children who are kicked out of it.
They range from serving food once a month to serving food daily.
They range in size from a few people to a few hundred people, and the venues range from private homes to temples.
An atmosphere is being created where those who want to do it can do it.
Such a low threshold is appealing.
However, it is difficult to secure operating expenses and staff.
Sometimes we hear about issues like safe management systems.
That said, Yuasa says, "Our values change when we interact with many people" and "connecting with society can be a safety net in the event of a disaster."
It seems to be a beacon of hope in a closed society.
The final day of the fall Hokushinetsu district high school baseball tournament in Fukui Prefecture will be September 29th, with the final and third place playoff at the prefectural stadium (Fukui City).
In the final, Tsuruga, who is aiming to win the championship for the first time in 36 years, and Tsuruga, who is aiming to reach the top for the first time in four years, will compete in the autumn tournament.
Seeded school, Atsugakehi, has won three consecutive cold games since the first round.
In the semifinal against Hokuriku, ace Kasashima Naoki pitched a perfect game to tighten up the key points.
The batting line has been good, with 13 hits, and I want to support the pitchers in the finals.
Tsuruga, on the other hand, won from the unseeded team.
In the quarter-final, they won a close game by one point, and in the semifinal against Hamizu, they scored the first goal with a squeeze and escaped with a score of 3-1.
I want to make sure I get the chance to score in the final.
The third-place play-off for the remaining one spot in the Hokushinetsu tournament will be Hokuriku - Hamizu.
Hokuriku lost their running bases and bunts early in the semifinals, but they will be hoping to make a comeback in the third-place game.
On the other hand, Hamizu attracted the attention of this tournament as he defeated the strong Fukui Institute of Technology.
It will be interesting to see if they can beat Hokushinetsu in the third-place play-off.
Matches played on September 29
Prefectural stadium 3rd place playoff Hokuriku - Hamizu (10am) Final Tsuruga (1pm) Time is scheduled to start.
Tsuruga brings down Hamizu, first time in 21 years, in autumn, Hokushinetsu
Atsugakehi beats Hokuriku, Hokushinetsu ticket
Rugby Japan hits record eighth place in paid articles
Basketball: Japanese women make it to the Asian Cup final (premium article)
Sharp home appliances, Yoshimoto entertainers promote comedy grand prix in Osaka | Shizuoka Newspaper &lt;unk&gt; S
The comedy duo "Himekoron", the winner of "Sharp PR-1 Grand Prix", in Osaka on the 27th
The final of the "Sharp PR-1 Grand Prix", a competition to determine the entertainers who can best introduce Sharp's home appliances, was held in Namba, Osaka on the 27th.
The event, jointly hosted by Sharp and Yoshimoto Kogyo, has been holding preliminary rounds since July.
The plan is to introduce the charms of the products through professional storytelling, and get comedy fans to like Sharp's home appliances.
The final at Yoshimoto Manzai Theater.
An audience of around 250 watched as four of the 200 couples made it through to the final.
The winner, "Himekoron", is a young duo who have often introduced Sharp products at mass retailers in Ehime Prefecture.
He explained the advantages of air conditioning in a witty way, and the audience was filled with laughter.
Sotetsu Sagami Otsuka Station Series 7000 / 12000 Photo Session (Railway. Com) - Yahoo! News
As an event to celebrate the opening of the Sotetsu and JR through lines, Sagami Railway held "November 30th, Sotetsu and JR through to each other! Series 7000 and 12,000 photo session in Sagami Otsuka".
The event will be held at the premises of Sagami Otsuka Station.
In addition to the photo session of the 7000 series and 12,000 series, there will be a public display of the 7000 series cars, the sale of commemorative goods of the 7000 series last run, and the sale of commemorative admission tickets.
Items (prices) for sale include metal key chains (700 yen), can badges (450 yen), and clear files (300 yen).
Only 500 key chains, 300 can badges, and 1,000 clear files will be available.
8 new models of "Air Force 1", including NBA collaboration and models equipped with "Gore-Tex", will be available at once (WWD JAPAN. Com)
"Nike (Nike)" will release 8 new models of "Air Force 1" from October, which has been popular as the brand's representative sneaker since its release in 1982.
Three of the eight models are for women, and an update has been made based on her experience with The One Reimagined, a collection launched in 2018 that redesigns sneakers from a woman's perspective, as Georgina James, Nike's senior creative director of women's footwear, says, "Women are diverse and want something unique that sets them apart from others."
[Image] 8 new models of "Air Force 1" such as NBA collaboration and models equipped with "Gore-Tex" will appear at once.
The "Air Force 1 NBA Pack", a collaboration with the NBA, is available in two types: Low cut and high cut.
The low cut will be available in NBA colors of red, yellow, black, and navy, while the high cut will be available in the jersey colors of three teams, including the Los Angeles Lakers.
Along with the NBA logo on the heel and shoe tongue, satin fabric is used at the back of the upper, making the swoosh the first bi-colored design.
The ticket price is 13,200 yen including tax, and it will be available on October 1st.
"Air Force 1 Swoosh Pack" is designed with Swoosh letters and logos everywhere, just as the words are.
It is noteworthy that the shoe tongue part, which should have been decorated with the brand logo, has also been changed to the special "SWOOSH" letter.
Using shadows as a source of inspiration, "Air Force 1 Shadow" features double details like a shadow, including a side swoosh.
The outsole is thicker and taller than the original, while the center has been hollowed out to make it lighter, which is nice for women.
The ticket price is 13,200 yen including tax, and it will be available on October 3rd.
The "real culprit" behind the drone attack on Saudi oil facilities (FRIDAY) - Yahoo! News
"The performance of the Iranian drone" Ababir "used in the attack has improved dramatically in recent years by analyzing downed U. S. military drones," it said.
It can be manufactured cheaply, and has a range of about 1000 km.
Because it flies low, it is hard to be caught by radar, which is another advantage. "(Press photographer Toru Yokota)
On September 14, 10 military drones attacked the oil facilities of Saudi Aramco, Saudi Arabia's largest oil company.
Yemen's Houthi rebels claimed responsibility for the attack.
"There is no doubt that the Houthis are behind Iran, led by President Rouhani. Iran cannot allow its arch-rival Saudi Arabia to make money off of its oil at a time when it is unable to export its own oil. Their aim is to make the international community know that if they continue with the oil embargo on Iran, it will be met with corresponding pain," said Sugawara Izuru, an international political analyst.
The attack shut down as much as half of Saudi Arabia's oil production, sending the price of oil soaring 15%.
Some people have said that if the situation continues as it is, the oil crisis will return.
"Given Trump's pledge to withdraw U. S. troops from the Middle East, we will do whatever it takes to avoid military intervention, at least until after next year's election," Sugawara said. "With that in mind, Iran will continue to use the Houthis as a cover to conduct drone strikes. But that doesn't mean the United States can tolerate it forever. There is a good chance that Trump will decide to attack Iran in the future."
A "proxy war" between the United States and Iran is on the brink of a flash point.
Why a super-individualistic YouTuber could become a full-time employee.
Ask the president who hired you (bizSPA!
Published 9 / 27 8:47 (Friday)
The YouTuber is now hugely popular, especially among young people.
It is not uncommon now for companies to use them to advertise their products, but one company has started a rare system called "YouTuber recruitment" in which employees are hired as regular employees by themselves.
Direct Marketing Mix Inc. (Hereinafter, "DmMiX"), whose main business is customer relationship management (CRM) of companies.
What does it mean to "hire a YouTuber"?
We spoke to Kobayashi Yuki, CEO of DmMiX and head of Stuff First, a subsidiary company that actually hired YouTubers.
I want to support young people who are working hard by recruiting YouTubers.
What kind of mechanism is "YouTuber recruitment" in the first place?
Kobayashi Yuki (hereon "Kobayashi"): The profession of YouTuber has become an aspiration of many young people.
It is also ranked at the top of the list of jobs that elementary school students want to pursue in the future, and it is expected that more and more young people will aim for in the future.
Up until now, we have hired and supported young people who are pursuing their dreams, such as bandmen and comedians.
In the same way, "YouTuber recruitment" is about recruiting and supporting young people who are chasing their dreams of becoming YouTubers.
There is an image of YouTubers as individuals voluntarily posting videos. Why did you decide to "hire" them?
Kobayashi: While a lot of young people aspire to be YouTubers, the reality is that most YouTubers don't make the kind of money they want.
There are many creators who make and post videos while working part-time, and there are also creators whose families do not recognize the existence of YouTubers.
In this initiative, we will provide the hired creators with a salary and an environment for content creation.
We aim to support YouTuber activities by addressing the disadvantages of being a YouTuber, which can inevitably lead to an unstable position at first.
Environmental girl "fighting for a safe future" protests around the world for second week in a row | Shizuoka Newspaper &lt;unk&gt; S
Greta Thunberg (centre) and others take part in a protest in Montreal, eastern Canada, on the 27th (Reuters / Associated Press)
New York: Greta Thunberg, 16, a Swedish girl who is calling for action to combat global warming, joined a protest in Montreal on the 27th, stressing that she would "continue to fight for a safe future."
Young people's protests that day followed in other Asian countries and around the world, including in Europe and the United States.
The massive protest in response to Greta's call is the second week in a row, following the 20th.
Greta met with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau on the 27th.
Trudeau, who has regularly touted his commitment to tackling global warming, also took part in the march.
But Greta was dry after the meeting, saying Trudeau "clearly lacks action."
"I hope South Korea will return to GSOMIA" Acting US Assistant Secretary of State (Sankei Shimbun) - Yahoo! News
Napper, the acting U. S. assistant secretary of state for South Korea and Japan, said in a solo interview with the Sankei Shimbun at the U. S. ambassador's residence in Tokyo on the 27th that he hoped South Korea would reconsider its decision to revoke the Japan-South Korea Comprehensive Military Intelligence Protection Agreement (GSOMIA), which expires on November 23.
It is unusual for a senior US official to refer to the reconsideration of destroying GSOMIA.
The GSOMIA is concluded by Japan and South Korea, Japan and the United States, as well as the United States and South Korea, and is a basis for sharing missile launch information.
South Korea announced in August that it was abandoning the agreement with Japan, and if it lapses, the framework for protecting military intelligence between Japan and South Korea will crumble.
"We cannot respond effectively to a crisis without GSOMIA," Napper argued.
"There is still time for it to lapse," he said, urging South Korea to return.
Regarding the joint flight drill conducted by China and Russia over the Sea of Japan in July, he said it was "the first time in history" and acknowledged the threat, stressing that "it is essential for the United States, South Korea and Japan, which share values such as democracy and human rights, to work together in an alliance."
The recent deterioration in Japan-South Korea relations "hurts the national interests of the United States," it said.
"There is no intention to mediate," he said, "but we will play a positive role in bridging the gap between Japan and South Korea."
(Yusuke Hirata)
Tokaimura critical accident, 20 years in 30 days, 300 problems at nuclear facilities: Hokkaido Shimbun Newspaper Doshin Online Edition
An interview with the Nuclear Regulation Authority (NRA) on the 28th revealed that from fiscal 2000 to fiscal 2018, the year after the critical accident in Tokaimura, Ibaraki Prefecture, which was the first time in Japanese nuclear history that a person died from exposure to radiation, there were 336 reports of accidents and failures at nuclear facilities nationwide.
Thirty days and 20 years have passed since the critical accident that raised the alarm about the safety myth of the nuclear industry.
Although about 90% of the cases in the report were not rated as level 0 (not important for safety) on the International Evaluation Scale (INES), which indicates severity, constant safety awareness needs to be raised based on the lessons learned from the accident and the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant accident in 2011.
Koichi Soda, who has completed the story and the original picture book, and is soliciting donations for publication, in Echizen City, Fukui Prefecture, on September 18th
Artist Soda Koichi (64) of the Echizen City Community Revitalization Cooperation Team in Fukui Prefecture has started a crowdfunding campaign to solicit donations online, with the aim of publishing creative picture books inspired by legends in the prefecture, in order to promote community development that makes use of picture books.
Soda, who hails from Hokkaido and started her activities as a member of the JOCV in April of this year, is eager to "convey through picture books the kindness of the people of Fukui, who are based on a deep faith."
[Click here to make a donation] To convey Fukui's heart.
While Muneda is active as an artist working on contemporary art with mathematical motifs, he has also worked as a member of the JOCV after his 60th birthday.
After being involved in building up the towns of Nagano, Kumamoto, and Tochigi, he arrived in Echizen in April of this year.
Named after the city that produced Satoko Kako and Chihiro Iwasaki, the project aims to create a community that makes use of picture books.
"For the first time, I was surprised at the depth of compassion around me," says Muneda, who lives in the city.
What we focused on was the legend of Awara City, "The Ogre mask of the bride's surprise".
It tells the story of a kind-hearted wife who keeps reciting Nenbutsu (Buddhist invocation) to help her mother-in-law, who is no longer able to remove her ogre mask, without worrying about being surprised by her mask.
"Forget hatred and return it with love and kindness. I felt the origin of the faith and kindness of the people of Fukui," says Muneda.
Inspired by this, Soda directed her original picture book to Yoshizaki Gobo in Awara City, where she visited shortly after her arrival, and completed the story "Meoto Oni," in which a kind-hearted ogre couple and a boy appear.
Since June, she has made use of her professional life to create 10 scenes with warm watercolors, and she has prepared the material for the picture book.
In addition, they plan to make use of Echizen Washi, a traditional craft that lives in Echizen City, for the cover of the picture book.
It will be an opportunity for parents and children to enjoy the texture of Japanese paper through events such as reading aloud.
The goal of the donation is to publish 600 copies of the book, and it is 850,000 yen.
The deadline expires on October 25.
"I am proud of the heart of Fukui, which has been nurtured under the historical Buddhist culture," says Soda.
Through picture books, I want to convey to children what true kindness and compassion are that have been passed down from generation to generation. "
It is one of the projects in which Fukui Prefecture has certified 11 projects for regional vitalization that the JOCV and other businesses in the prefecture are challenging, and which will be supported by making use of the hometown tax payment.
The Fukui Shimbun is cooperating to disseminate information, and Fukui Bank is cooperating to provide management support.
You can make a donation via the crowdfunding site, Lady Four.
Rugby class for children in Niigata city (Niigata Prefecture) (Teny TV Niigata) - Yahoo! News
On the 28th, a rugby class for children was held in Niigata City in an attempt to familiarise them with the rugby that is attracting attention as the World Cup is hosted in Japan.
"First Rugby Class" was held at Toriyano Sports Park Ball Stadium in Niigata on the 28th.
At an event held by the Niigata City Rugby Football Association to familiarise children with rugby, 28 children aged 3 to 12 participated and experienced the basics of rugby, such as tackling and passing.
One boy who took part said, "When I saw rugby for the first time on TV, it looked like it was fun. It was fun working together."
"First Rugby Class" will also be held on October 19.
In preparation for the sales tax increase, shoppers rush in one after another to purchase items at retail stores in Okayama Prefecture, including special price sales: Sanyo Newspaper Digital | Sandigi
The sales floor of Bic Camera Okayama Station store, where sales of large home appliances are strong before the tax increase
From 8% to 10% On the 28th, the last weekend before the sales tax increase, electronics stores and supermarkets in Okayama Prefecture were visited one after another by families who had made last-minute purchases.
There are also home improvement stores that set up special sales windows for bulk purchases, and suit stores that sell winter clothing ahead of schedule, so each store is making efforts to promote its products.
Bic Camera Okayama Ekimae Store (Kita-ku Ekimae Town, Okayama City) is running a sale with a special price for a limited time up to the 30th.
A 37-year-old company employee from the city who came to the store to get a fridge said, "Though it's 2%, when it comes to expensive items, you can't overlook the difference."
According to the store, sales of large appliances such as televisions, washing machines and refrigerators nearly doubled in September from the previous year.
According to a source in charge, "The rush of demand exceeded expectations, and in the second half you will see a noticeable number of customers seeking expensive products."
Haruyama Shoji Co., Ltd. (Omote-cho), a suit seller, will be conducting a sale dubbed "a major financial penalty just before the tax increase".
The coats have been on sale since early September, a month earlier than usual, and sales this month are up 10% compared to a year ago, it said.
A male company employee (19) from Asakuchi who visited the Kurashiki store (Hakuraku-cho, Kurashiki) to buy a suit for the coming-of-age ceremony said, "The ceremony is still a long way off, but I'd like to buy it before the tax increase."
With the current tax increase, the tax rate on beverages and other items will remain unchanged under the reduced tax rate system, so home centers and supermarkets will focus on daily necessities and alcohol.
At the home center, Time Takaya store (Kaneki, Naka-ku, Okayama City), there is a special corner near the entrance that is loaded with large amounts of detergent and tissues.
Sales of daily necessities increased 1.6-fold compared to the same month last year, and store manager Shimizu Seiya said, "If you don't replenish them many times a day, you will run out of them."
A 63-year-old civil servant from the city who visited the store said, "I'll buy something anyway, so I'll take this opportunity to buy some kitchen paper in bulk."
Tenmanya Happy Town Okaminami store (Chikko Shinmachi, Minami Ward, Tenmanya) will also install wagons at the event site, loaded with detergent, toilet paper, and disposable diapers.
A male company employee (35) from the city said, "If you receive a cashless payment point rebate, the burden will hardly change, so you won't be in a hurry to buy daily necessities."
2019 Manager of the Year: Klopp's "best manager" in praise of his biggest enemy (Sport. Es) - Yahoo! News
Jurgen Klopp, winner of the award for best manager for The Best, reflected on his career in an interview and also commented on the current situation.
One of the many comments that caught the public by surprise was about Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola, his biggest rival in the race for the Premier League title.
Neymar's best friend Alves says: "His happiness is still with Barca …"
After accepting the award for "The Best," the German boss insisted: "I could not have imagined anything better. I am very happy and proud to receive this award. It has been an amazing few days for me. Thanks to my players, I was able to win the award. The most important thing is the team."
"I have a lot of respect for him," Klopp said of Guardiola. "What can I say about him? He has won a lot of titles. The style of play by his team is extraordinary. He is the best manager I have played against. It is one honour to be nominated with him and to compete for the award."
He has also mentioned manager Pochettino and Tottenham.
"His last year was incredible. A lot of the time you have to win titles to be remembered. Little by little he was building a team and playing in a great style."
Klopp was unhesitant about his best moments of 2019, saying: "It was a turnaround [against Barcelona]. A lot of pundits and myself wouldn't have bet a centimetre on us. With a 3-0 behind against a team with Messi and Suarez... it's like a death sentence. We had a small chance and we were able to take it. I couldn't believe it. Looking back, you could say we won the CL. This game will be remembered by everyone."
Asked more personal questions at the end, Klopp concluded: "When I congratulated them on winning the Bundesliga, I woke up on a bench and I didn't even know where I was. This time it didn't happen. I don't like to get drunk because I am a person with an obsession with self-management. I congratulated them on winning the CL very sparingly. I remember everything. If I had them all lined up in front of me, I might have been able to tell apart everyone who watched from the bus."
Lexus LC and IS introduce special edition models featuring everything from craftsmanship to cutting-edge technology (WEB cartop) - Yahoo! News
It has been made into a special one that further enhances its style and taste.
Lexus will release a special edition luxury coupe "LC" and a sporty sedan "IS" on Tuesday, October 1.
(Picture) The interior of the Lexus LC stands out for its high quality
A special edition car was developed based on the idea of "Crafted".
Crafted is the embodiment of a desire to create mind-boggling new experiences through the use of all manner of methods, from craftsmanship to cutting-edge technology, and to think of people with a Japanese aesthetic sense that has been cultivated through rich nature and history, as well as a sensitivity to the obscure things that are sought after even without words.
LC's special edition car "patina Elegance" is based on the LC500 / LC500h and employs Lexus' finest genuine leather L-aniline seats, which are durable while taking advantage of softness and natural texture, and genuine leather steering using premium leather with a soft touch.
It was finished as a model with an even higher level of style and taste.
L-aniline carefully selects only the finest raw skin, and realizes softness with a color coat that aims for a thin coating using a long process of flexibility and proprietary technology.
Improves the comfort of sitting around the body and the fit while driving.
Premium leather is used for the steering wheel, so that you can feel the high quality on your skin.
Other special features include an Alcantara roof, a scuff plate that has been laser etched to create a beautifully overlapping L-shaped motif, and a color head-up display.
The interior is a combination of vibrant patina brown for special edition vehicles, and vibrant brown for door trim, genuine leather seats and seat belts.
In addition, two colors of stitching, light brown and dark brown with different brightness, are used to express a high quality and deep space along with a carefully selected texture.
There are 3 body colors available: Sonic Titanium and Graphite Black Glass Flake, as well as Terrain Kirkcaldy Kametalic that is specifically designed for use with special edition vehicles.
Sidecar wants to use it.
According to Apple, the new OS, macOS Catalina, will also be available in October.
We don't have a specific date for that, but maybe it will be released on October 4th?
View all images: The macOS Catalina release date may be October 4th?
The image above was posted on Apple's site in Denmark (it has now been corrected).
There is certainly the word "from October 4th (fra den 4. Oktober)" in the image.
If it is an official website, the information seems to be highly accurate.
By the way, the feature I personally want to try the most on macOS Catalina is "Sidecar".
This is a feature that treats the iPad as a sub-display of the Mac, a feature that was previously possible with third-party apps.
And since Sidecar is a genuine Apple feature, we expect it to be more complete (and responsive).
Rumoured to be the next MacBook Pro with a 16-inch display, we'd love to get the full experience of this next generation of macOS first.
Growing sakura prawns PT, such as Shizuoka City, photographed at a depth of 290 meters | Shizuoka Newspaper &lt;unk&gt; S
Sakura prawns born this year, successfully photographed in the deep waters of Suruga Bay, off Kambara, Shimizu Ward, Shizuoka City on the 11th (photo provided by "Yui Sakura Prawns Project")
The Yui Sakura Shrimp Project, part of the Council of Marine Industry Clusters that includes Shizuoka City and other municipalities, has recently succeeded in photographing sakura prawns, which are thought to have been born during the spawning season this spring and summer, on the seabed of Suruga Bay, which is 290 meters deep.
The footage of the growth process is precious, and those involved are hoping it will shed more light on the mysterious ecology of sakura prawns.
The footage was filmed near the seabed, about 1.5 kilometers off the coast of the Kambara district of Shimizu Ward, Tokyo.
A total of about 300 animals were identified in 17 minutes.
The discovery reaffirms a previous finding that primrose prawns, which live in the deep ocean during the day, "form somewhat of a cluster at the bottom of the ocean."
The adult is about 40 millimeters long, and the individual shown is about 23 millimeters long.
The timing of spawning was determined by comparing seasonal data on the caught sakura prawns.
Detailed analysis will be performed by the team comprised of Fujitsu Software Technologies and Shizuoka National College of Technology.
Project leader Mizuno Keisuke says, "We want to capture the lives of individuals during their growth, including young prawns."
Mother Ranch to reopen, Chiba residents free until the end of October, damaged by typhoon | Shizuoka Newspaper &lt;unk&gt; S
Chiba Prefecture's mascot character "Chiba-kun" welcomes visitors at Mother Ranch, which has reopened on the morning of the 28th, in Futtsu City, Chiba Prefecture
Mother Ranch in Futtsu, Chiba Prefecture, which had been closed since the 9th due to power outages and damage to facilities caused by Typhoon Hagibis, reopened on the 28th.
In an effort to raise the spirits of the affected areas, residents of Chiba Prefecture will have free admission until the end of October.
Under a clear autumn sky, many people visited the park as soon as it opened, and at the entrance gate, the prefecture's mascot character "Chiba-kun" who rushed to support the park welcomed them.
Some facilities have their roofs covered with blue sheets and are still being repaired, but half of the restaurants have managed to reopen.
Mitani Kenji (34), a company employee from Sagamihara who was visiting with his family, said with a smile, "I was worried about when it would reopen. I came to look forward to the potato digging event, hoping it would lead to reconstruction."
Zendo Go 4 strong decision: Hokkaido Shimbun Doshin Online Edition
The 69th All Hokkaido Go Championship (organised by the Hokkaido Shimbun) began on the 28th at the Hokkaido Shimbun in Chuo Ward, Sapporo.
Thirty people took part in the tournament to compete at the pinnacle of Hokkaido amateurs, and the best four appeared.
The semi-finalists were Asano Tetsuya (48) = Sapporo district =, Takuma Hideyuki (52) = Asahikawa district =, Tomita Takuji (72) = Takamori (75) = Kitami district =.
Last year's champion, Takasu Kazuya (49), was narrowly defeated in the quarter-finals by half a point against Asano, who has won the tournament a record eight times.
Shinoda Yuya (8) = Sapporo district =, the youngest player in the history of the tournament, lost in the first round to Arai Kazutoyo (75) = Obihiro district =, the runner up from the previous year.
Arai lost in the next two rounds.
On the 29th, from 1:30pm, the semifinal and final of All Hokkaido Go will be held.
The 26th Zendo Women's Go Championship will be held from 10am.
The event will be held at the Hokkaido Shimbun (Odori Nishi 3).
(Yasutoshi Nakamura)
[First half of the Bado Olympics race] World champion Momota Kento, Zhou Tensei who is in good form, takes a step ahead!
Men's singles (Bado × Supi!)
The Japanese team, who won six medals at the 25th World Championship (Basel, Switzerland), a big badminton event held in August, will conclude their training camp at the beginning of September and participate in the China OP (Changzhou / Super 1000), which starts on the 17th.
Here, we will look back at the first half of the race from May to August, when the Olympic race for participation in next year's Tokyo Olympics began, and look at the men's singles towards the middle game (September to December) (Text / Badminton Magazine Editor).
The badminton Olympic race, which began in May, has digested four of the top tournaments (Super 500 and above) in which the top players will compete once the world championship is over.
Two of the strong performers in the first half were Momota Kento, winner of two of the four tournaments, and Taiwan's Zhou Tien Cheng.
Momota won the world championship, and Zhou Tensei won the Indonesian OP (S1000), a tournament that allows players to earn high points in the "world ranking points" that are directly related to the Olympic race.
Momota has also won the Japan OP (S750).
The four tournaments they have been participating in since May are the group stage Sudirman Cup (May / China), Indonesia OP (July / result is 16 strong), Japan OP (July) and World Championship (August).
Compared to other top players, he has a smaller number of players, so his schedule is less taxing on his body.
With only one world championship in August, he will probably be less fatigued than he was during the back-to-back rounds.
They will be hoping for a good result in a midfield that has seen a string of top-flight fixtures since September.
Taiwan's ace in a string of tough games.
Also pay attention to young people in Thailand!
Zhou Tensei, who also won the top tournaments of Indonesia OP and Thailand OP (S500), has already participated in seven tournaments.
He also took part in the local Taipei OP (S300) race at the beginning of September, and won impressively.
A player who is physically strong by nature and does not suffer from a series of games.
If the tournament continues, there will be no major issues with the performance of the matches.
Rather, the high points gained during the first half should have made it easier for them to adjust their schedule for the upcoming tournament.
Up until last year, Zhou Tiancheng had an impression that he lacked explosive power, but now that he has gained more stability in his play, he has been able to continue his good results.
For Momota, who is ranked number one in the world, it looks like he will be a tougher opponent than ever.
The other two players who produced results in the first half were Thailand's young ace Cantaphone and India's Sai Praneeth B.
And there are the three players, Anders Antonsen, who are struggling alone as a European side.
Although Canterphone did not make it to the finals of the top level tournament, they have improved their ability to advance to the top level, having finished in the top four in the two tournaments this season.
Although there is still a rough side to it, the 20 year old (21 years old on the 18th) who is now able to rally on an equal basis with the top players seems to have a lot of potential to make a leap in the Olympic race.
Meanwhile, Sai Praneeth B. has taken a step back for India, who have a good player in singles.
With Samir Bharama, Prannoy H. S. and Srikanth Kidambi also lagging behind with injuries, the Indians will need to be wary of starting at midfield and beyond.
New mobile phone charges to be reduced in fair competition: Hokkaido Shimbun Doshin Online Edition
The mobile phone company's new pricing plan comes as the revised Telecommunications Business Act comes into effect in October.
However, they generally remained at a high level.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said last summer that there was "room for a 40% drop" in prices, raising hopes of a cut, but there was no price competition.
This is in large part due to the continued oligopoly of the three major companies, as Rakuten's full-scale entry into the market has been postponed.
For consumers, it is desirable to have an accessible fee structure through fair competition.
I would like to call for the efforts of mobile phone companies.
The revised law forbids discounts on sets of terminal charges and telecommunications charges.
This was because, instead of selling the device at a low price, the communication charges were set to be higher.
Softbank and KDDI (au) have announced plans to offer up to half the price of their devices.
However, both companies require a "SIM lock" on the device that can't be used on other companies' lines for 100 days.
NTT Docomo plans to cut the cost of its devices by up to a third, only for subscribers to its own lines.
All three companies seem to be continuing their "enclosure" to prevent them from switching to other companies.
The Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications (MIC) has announced that it will require the immediate lifting of the SIM lock.
Businesses also need to act as soon as possible.
Rakuten's postponement was due to the fact that the development of the telecommunications network, including base stations, did not go as planned.
It was expected to be a catalyst in the race to lower prices, so it looks like a scoop on the shoulders.
I think there was a naivety in the outlook.
It is also not clear when the full-scale service will start or how much it will cost.
As a company responsible for social infrastructure, I want them to engage in their business responsibly.
The latest rate revision was prompted by Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga's remark.
Suga expressed his discontent with the new charges levied by the three companies, saying, "I think there will be more competition in the future. I don't think it will be good at all."
However, it is unlikely that "price cuts by the government" will distort the market and encourage healthy competition.
Companies should engage in customer-oriented competition before they are dictated to by the government.
The pricing structure of each company is very complicated, and it is not easy to compare.
The Consumer Affairs Agency has called for caution, saying there are cases where a device advertises for "up to half the price" but the consumer's burden exceeds half the price.
Companies themselves must try to explain things in a polite and easy-to-understand manner so as not to create misunderstandings among users.
Withdrawal limit reduced to 500,000 yen, Mie Prefecture 3 credit card cash - Ise Shimbun
Three credit unions in Mie Prefecture (Kuwana Mie Shinkin Bank, Kita Ise Ueno Shinkin Bank and Kihoku Shinkin Bank) announced on the 26th that they have decided to lower the withdrawal limit by cash card in order to prevent victims of special scams.
For depositors aged 70 and over who have held cash cards from Kuwana Mie, Kita Ise Ueno and Kihoku Shinkin Banks and have not made any withdrawal transactions exceeding a certain amount at ATMs (cash machines) for the past three years, the maximum amount that can be withdrawn with a cash card is 500,000 yen per day.
Kuwana Mie Shinkin Bank and Kita Ise Ueno Shinkin Bank will implement the reduction on October 1, and Kihoku Shinkin Bank will implement the reduction on November 1.
In Okinawa, there are many cases of special scams in which bank employees pretend to be financial institutions or police officers to falsify their cash cards and PIN before making withdrawals at ATMs. A Shinkin Bank official said, "We want to protect customers' important deposits as much as possible."
Yokozuna Tsururyu and others transferred to Mutsu room after sudden death of Izutsu boss | Shizuoka Newspaper &lt;unk&gt; S
The Japan Sumo Association announced on the 27th that it had approved the transfer of three sumo wrestlers from the Izutsu room, including Yokozuna Tsururyu, and one Tokoyama, to the Mutsu room following the death of Izutsu Chikata (formerly Sekiwaki Sakahoko).
The Mutsu room is the same as the Izutsu room, and belongs to the Tokitsu-fu family.
His master, Mutsu Chikata (former Ozeki Kirishima), was a senior disciple of the late Izutsu Chikata, who was from the Izutsu room.
Master Izutsu died suddenly on the 16th, and Tsururyu and the others were placed in temporary custody in the Kyozan room of the same family, and their future treatment was discussed.
There are 12 sumo wrestlers in the Mutsu room at the time of the autumn tournament, including Juryo Kirimazan from Mongolia, the same as Tsururyu.
[Rugby World Cup] One ejection & brawl US player's "dangerous facial tackle" causing international stir "insulting and despicable play" (THE ANSWER) - Yahoo! News
US FL Quill plays rough, says former England international: "It's not what you would call a tackle"
At the Rugby World Cup in Japan on the 26th, the United States, making their last appearance in the 20-nation tournament, was soundly defeated by England with a score of 7-45.
It was a black star start, but the rough play played by FL John Quill in the second half caused a stir.
One shot was sent off as if a shoulder tackle had been applied to the opponent's face.
Footage of the actual incident was shared with international media, with the former England international complaining that it was "insulting and despicable" and "not something to be called a tackle."
[Video] "Insulting and despicable play" and causing a stir overseas!
One shot sent off, sparking a commotion between players from both sides … the actual moment of the dangerous facial tackle played by quill for the us national team.
The fervent fighting spirit has crossed the line.
It's the 29th minute of the second half, with the score at 0-38.
Deep in the opposition box, England captain Farrell lost his balance somewhat as he caught a pass from his side.
It was Quill who went to tackle it.
He just lifted his upper body up and hit his upper body hard instead of down.
As a result, his head came into contact with his opponent's head, causing him to poke his head.
Farrell was flung hard and fell over.
There was a furious response from the England players as they attempted to poke Quill in the face of a display that clearly lacked legitimacy.
Players from both sides came together in one fell swoop, and there was an air of excitement.
As a result of the TMO (video review), Quill was sent off with a red card.
He left the pitch with a bad look on his face, although he was booed by some in the crowd who wanted fair play.
Rugby powerhouse New Zealand's local media "staff" featured with the headline "Rugby World Cup 2019: USA players sent off for vile behaviour, England win comfortably".
"Kill was sent off for a vile shoulder charge to the face of England star Farrell" and "almost led to a brawl between players from both sides," according to the report.
In this article, we take a look at comments made by former England international player and commentator, Hugo Monya.
"It's insulting, it's despicable. I wouldn't call it a tackle. It's a despicable play," he said wryly.
The United States, who were without one player for the game, managed to escape a crushing defeat with a convincing try in the 81st minute.
Quill's play, however, left him with a sour taste.
On September 26, the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare announced for the first time the names of 424 public hospitals nationwide, including 1,455 public hospitals and the JRCs, that it judged to have poor medical records.
In Fukui Prefecture, the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare has validated the treatment results of 14 public and public hospitals, and four of them - National Hospital Organization Awara Hospital Sakai City Mikuni Hospital Echizen-cho Oda Hospital Takahama Town's Wakasa Takahama Hospital - were targeted.
4 hospitals to be restructured: "The standards are not right"
In order to curb the ballooning medical costs associated with an aging population, the hospital took the unusual step of saying it needed to be restructured and merged with hospitals in competing regions.
In October, they will also request the hospitals concerned to seriously consider restructuring and merging, with a view to reaching a conclusion by September next year.
Although it is not enforceable, it is expected to attract opposition from local chiefs and residents as they fear the loss of a familiar hospital.
He made the announcement at a meeting the same day.
Hospitals with relatively few beds accounted for 29.1% of the total.
By prefecture, Niigata (53.7%), Hokkaido (48.6%), Miyagi (47.5%), Yamaguchi (46.7%) and Okayama (43.3%) had the highest percentage.
Of those, 54 were in Hokkaido, the highest number, and Okinawa was the only one with zero.
Based on data for fiscal 2017, the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare surveyed 1,455 public and public hospitals that were able to handle the "highly acute" phase for critically ill patients and the "acute" phase for general surgery.
They analysed nine areas of practice, including cancer and emergency care, and whether rival hospitals were within a "20-minute drive" of each other, to determine the need for hospitals to announce their names.
Eligible hospitals will be asked to consider, for example, abolishing them or transferring some departments to other hospitals.
Health care costs will skyrocket in 2025, when all the baby boomers will be over 75.
To make this happen, the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare has set a goal of reducing the number of beds in hospitals nationwide from 1,246,000 (in 2018) to 1,191,000.
Currently, there are a large number of beds in the "highly acute" and "acute" phases, where nurses are well staffed and medical care is expensive, but there is a shortage of beds for rehabilitation that is in high need of the elderly.
To cope with an ageing population, we need to not just reduce the number of beds, but also increase the number of beds for rehabilitation.
Regarding the reorganization and integration of hospitals, each prefecture has formulated a "community healthcare plan" that stipulates the number of beds required in 25 years.
The country is divided into 339 districts, and local governments and medical professionals are in discussions, but many local residents and mayors have remained cautious, making the discussions difficult.
The Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare is hoping to revitalize the debate by releasing the names of hospitals with poor track records.
Komagatake Eruption Prospects, Roads, and Other General Disaster Prevention Drill Participating in Wide Area, First Time in 18 Years (Video): Hokkaido Shimbun Doshin Online Edition
A general disaster prevention drill was conducted on September 27th in the forest, Nanae, and Shikabe towns within the jurisdiction of Oshima, in case of an eruption of Mt. Komagatake (1131 meters).
About 400 people attended, including officials and residents from 20 agencies, including roads and three towns.
This is the first time the event has been held since the Hokkaido Komagatake Volcano Disaster Prevention Council drew up an evacuation plan in August that included evacuation routes for residents.
This is the first time in 18 years that residents have taken part in a wide-area drill.
It is assumed that Mt. Komagatake erupted at 8:45 a.m. and a mudflow reached the town at the foot of the mountain.
When the eruption warning level was raised to 5 (evacuation), evacuation centers were set up in both Mori and Nanae towns, and residents were moved by buses and Hokkaido police vehicles prepared by each town.
100,000 students take part in Vancouver climate demonstration during school holidays to call for action against global warming (Everyone's Economic Newspaper Network) - Yahoo! News
On September 27th, around 100,000 citizens, led by students who sympathised with Greta Thunberg, the 16-year-old environmental activist, marched in Vancouver to demand action on climate change.
Climate demonstrations in Vancouver
The march took place from Vancouver City Hall across the Canby Bridge to the downtown library.
People holding placards began to gather in front of the city hall a few hours before the start of the meeting, and by 1 p.m., the number had grown to enough to fill the road a few blocks in front of the city hall.
Attendance continued to grow, eventually reaching more than 100,000 people.
On the roads along the route, police cordoned off the area and watched over everyone for several hours until they had finished walking.
Vancouver has been hosting a number of events over the past weekend to reflect on global warming, in line with the United Nations Climate Action Summit in New York.
On the 27th, the last day of the school strike, "Fridays for Future" was carried out.
The students who took a day off from school to participate in the event appealed to adults, "We want to protect the planet even if we take a day off from school," and many adults who took a day off from work also responded, "We will do our best for the future of children who are seriously learning and thinking."
Recommended areas for swine fever vaccine 9 prefectures, Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries (Gifu Newspaper Web) - Yahoo! News
The Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries announced on the 27th, an amendment to its pest control guidelines that will allow preventive vaccinations against domestic pigs, which are not currently permitted, in order to prevent the spread of the livestock infectious disease "swine fever."
Nine prefectures will be selected, including Gifu and Aichi, where swine and wild boar have been confirmed to be infected.
The movement of vaccinated live pigs and fertilized eggs will be restricted within the region, but meat and processed products will be allowed to be distributed outside the region.
The process is expected to be completed by the end of October at the earliest, after receiving public comments from the public.
Allowing the use of vaccines and the distribution of meat and other products outside the region would make the country no longer a "clean country," as recognized by international organizations, and could affect pork exports.
Since the outbreak last September, Japan's status as a clean country has been on hold temporarily.
Under the proposed amendment, the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries will set up "recommended vaccination areas" based on experts' opinions on areas at high risk of transmission from wild boar to pigs.
Eligible prefectures will compile a "vaccination program" outlining the scope, timing, number of people to be vaccinated, and how to proceed, and after receiving confirmation from the ministry, the governor will decide whether or not to allow it to be used.
The other seven prefectures listed as recommended for vaccination are Saitama, Toyama, Ishikawa, Fukui, Nagano, Mie and Shiga.
Communities will assess the situation when the guidelines are revised and make a decision on it again.
The movement of vaccinated pigs, semen, fertilized eggs, carcasses, and excrement shall, in principle, be restricted within the region.
Meat and processed products will not be covered, taking into account the cost of restricting distribution and the impact on farmers, and will effectively be allowed to be distributed outside the region.
To prevent the spread of the virus, we will thoroughly dispose of food waste.
They will also appeal for the safety of the vaccinated pigs and work to prevent any reputational damage.
The revised guidelines were put together at a meeting of experts held the same day, and confirmed at a meeting of the Disease Control and Prevention Headquarters.
Going forward, opinions will be referred to the prefectural government and public comments will be made until October 7th, and the new guidelines for disease prevention will come into effect.
Independent Honda Keisuke makes public approach to Man U!
"Give me an offer. I don't need the money" (Football Channel) - Yahoo! News
Published 9 / 28 (Sat) 2:57
Former Japan international midfielder Keisuke Honda, who quit Melbourne Victory in the Australian A-League after last season and is now an independent, has made a surprising move.
[Video] Honda Keisuke, were you actually at the game?
The jaw-dropping truth will be revealed.
Honda updated his Twitter feed on the late evening of the 27th, Japan time, and made a public approach to a club by saying: "Please make me an offer. I don't need money, but I need to play with a great team and great teammates."
The opponent who sent the "reverse offer" is Manchester United, a world famous club.
Why did Honda make such an ambitious request to one of the Premier League's strongest clubs?
It all started with an article in the Australian edition of Fox Sports that was published on the 24th.
In an article titled "Five strikers that Manchester United may be grasping in the face of a succession of injuries", five independents who are currently available for acquisition were picked up.
The likes of Hatem Ben Alfa, Giuseppe Rossi and Wilfredo Bonnie also had Honda names on their books.
United are currently in a state of emergency with midfielder Paul Pogba, defender Luke Shaw, defender Eric Bailly, striker Anthony Martial and striker Marcus Rashford all suffering from injuries.
Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's "Red Devils" have had a tough start to the season, with a 2-22 record in the league, and face a challenge in the quality of their front line.
Honda was named by the Australian media as a possible candidate for the job.
According to the article: "Strictly speaking, Honda's signing as a creative side player, rather than a striker, could fill the void left by Andreas Pereira."
While nine goals in 18 appearances for Melbourne Victory is a "solid record," it has also been suggested that the 33-year-old Honda needs to step away from his entertainment of managing the Cambodian national team and get the full attention.
Will Honda's approach really bear fruit?
It will also be interesting to see if United make a move for the veteran, who has declared his ambition to compete at next year's Olympics in Tokyo.
Installation of 500 portable translation machines completed, free of charge loaned to Hamamatsu Chamber of Commerce, stores, etc. | Shizuoka Newspaper &lt;unk&gt; S
The portable translator "Pokemon Talk" has been loaned free of charge to 500 stores and other locations in Hamamatsu City
The Hamamatsu Chamber of Commerce and Industry announced on the 26th that it has completed installation of a total of 500 portable translation machines at stores and other locations in Hamamatsu City, as part of a project to provide free loans of "Pokemon Talk" to member offices.
It is said to be the first time in Japan that the translator will be deployed intensively in the same region, and it is attracting attention whether it will lead to an improvement in the ability to respond to inbound tourists.
The loan destinations are 236 restaurants, 113 retail stores, 17 accommodation facilities, and 134 others.
The city's urban area accounts for 60%.
They have also started showing where to rent them on the map application "Google Maps", and have made it possible to know the location of "stores that support foreign languages" with a smartphone.
It can be accessed from websites such as the Lake Hamana Tourist Area.
The free lending of Pocket Talk, which is available in 74 languages, was launched in April in response to nine organizations in the city declaring Hamamatsu to be "the best inbound support city in Japan."
The Chamber of Commerce will purchase 500 units and rent them out for two years to small and medium-sized businesses that meet the requirements, such as getting hospitality certification and adopting cashless payments.
A representative from the Chamber of Commerce said, "We hope that this will lead to the development of new foreign customers in the face of a challenging business environment."
Now the master of direct drama, Ikemura Hiroyo, doesn't need a tie-up on the first stroke?
Today's caddie's best shot.
A 1W shot is not necessarily a tie-up shot.
There is also a technique called "direct drama" in which a player hits the ball on the ground when he wants to gain distance, for example, by hitting the second shot on the par 5.
The recent 1W has a lot of head volume, so there is a risk of the ball being scattered, but some players practice this often on the tee.
Ikemura Hiroyo is looking forward to her first victory on tour.
The 24-year-old, in his seventh year as a professional, is small at 166cm tall but is currently seventh in the driving distance category (average 304.02yd).
While he excelled at long shots, one of the challenges was the accuracy of the fairway wood.
In early spring, he opened his eyes saying, "I couldn't get a spoon (3W) shot, so I thought I'd do a direct drama."
From practice rounds the ball may potter onto the grass in the tee area and shake off 1W in a hurry.
Tie-ups are used a lot in cases where big carry is required, but direct drama is effectively used in holes where both sides are narrow.
"It can be used in holes where one's eyes can be lowered," he said.
For ballistic instruments, it recorded a carry rate of 270yd to 280yd.
"That's why I don't need 3W. My caddie said I feel more secure with direct drama than 3W …"
Wood has only 1W in his caddie bag since June's "Japan Tour Championship."
The second longest club is the Loft 17 degree UT.
The tactics that even tour mates are surprised at, and the admiration that leaks from the gallery that you see is also nice.
The trick is to "swing the club to the level (level)".
"Whether it's a down blow or an upper shot, it doesn't fly straight. If it's a cut track, it goes to the right. I used to do a direct drum to correct the swing of the 1W shot (when teeing up). This practice also slows down the attack angle (the angle of incidence of the club)."
He couldn't catch the ball and risked a slice, but added: "So you can turn off the left (it doesn't bend to the left)."
To put it bluntly, it's a professional technique that makes you groan.
First ice on Mt. Norikura Tatamidaira (Gifu Shimbun Web) - Yahoo! News
Ice observed for the first time this season at Tsurugaike Pond in Tatamidaira, Mt. Norikura = Nyugawa-cho, Takayama on the morning of the 27th (photo provided by Norikura Skyline Management Office)
On the 27th, ice was observed for the first time this season at Tsurugaike Pond in Tatamidaira, Norikura-dake, Northern Alps (Nyukawa-cho, Takayama City, Gifu Prefecture, 2702 meters above sea level).
It's four days later than last year and one day earlier than the average for the past 10 years.
According to the Norikura Skyline Management Office, officers patrolling the road saw about 2 millimetres of thick ice on the west side of Tsurugaike Pond at about 6:25 a.m.
The weather at the time of the observation was fine and the temperature was 3 degrees.
According to the Gifu Regional Meteorological Observatory, the lowest temperature in the prefecture on that day was 9.5C in Rokumaya, Shogawa-cho, Gifu.
Let's experience the para sports!
Caravan event at Aeon Onahama until tomorrow "Iwaki Minho official website
Aiming to build momentum for the 2020 Tokyo Paralympics, Tokio Marine & Nichido Fire Insurance's "Tohoku 6 Prefecture Caravan Event" Challenge 6 in Fukushima Prefecture "began at Aeon Mall Iwaki Onahama on the 28th.
There are 6 Paralympic sports such as boccia, wheelchair fencing, wheelchair basketball, goal ball, track and field, and wheelchair rugby, and they are crowded with shoppers.
Challenge 6 was held from July to October, one in each of the six prefectures in the Tohoku region, and in Fukushima Prefecture, the venue was Aeon Mall Iwaki Onahama.
Although Paralympic sports are still relatively unknown compared to Olympic sports, the aim of Challenge 6 is to gain the understanding of as many people as possible by giving them the same experience as para athletes.
Dressed in yellow, comedian Dandy Sakano, who is known from "Gets!", came to the venue and experienced the competition together, and showed off the excitement.
On the 29th, comedian Maggie Shinji will be running in.
Up until the 29th.
The time is from 10am to 5pm.
Children's play facilities and Minami Numabara Elementary School to be built in Yamagata City | Yamagata Shimbun
The winning bidder for the children's play facility and the new Minami Numabara Elementary School building, which Yamagata City is planning to build using private funds in the form of social capital development (PFI), was decided, and an overview of the facilities was given at a standing committee meeting of the city council on the 26th.
An image of a new children's play facility in Katayachi, Yamagata
The children's play facility is planned to be built on the north side of Yamagata Kuchu in the Katayachi district, and will cover an area of approximately 23,400 square meters.
The building is a one-story steel building with a total floor area of approximately 3,000 square meters.
It has a semicircular gymnasium, cafe, and library corner.
There will also be a playground with a universal design for children with disabilities to play outdoors, and 300 parking spaces will be secured.
A review committee meeting was held at the city hall on the 5th of this month, and a shelter group made up of 13 companies (Yamagata City) won the bid for 3.05 billion yen, including the design, opening preparation, and maintenance and operation costs for 15 years.
The facility will begin design and construction in January next year, and is scheduled to open in March 2022.
Image of the new Minami Numabara Elementary School building
Minami Numabara Elementary School is a large school with more than 900 students.
Construction is planned to take place on the north side of the current school building in Iizawa, covering an area of approximately 21,500 square meters.
It is a three-story reinforced concrete building with a total floor area of approximately 8,580 square meters.
There are 30 classrooms, including two swimming pools, a steel gymnasium, and an after-school children's club.
At a review committee meeting on the 6th of this month, the Ichimura Corporation Group (Yamagata City), made up of eight companies, won the bid for 4,5121 million yen, including the design, dismantling of the old school building, and maintenance and operation costs for 15 years.
The design and construction began in December, and is scheduled to be completed in October, 2022.
Shuri: "This time it's love fulfillment …" starring Shinki Yuko and Kengo Kora, Fujiren drama "Moto Kare Mania" set to appear (Sports Hochi) - Yahoo! News
Actress Shuri (29) has been confirmed to appear in the new Fuji Television drama "Moto Karemania" (starting on October 17th, 10pm on Thursdays), starring Shinki Yuko (25) and Kora Kengo (31).
Shuri plays Kaga Chizuru, a co-worker at a major food manufacturer where Yamashita Akio, played by Hamano Kenta (38), works.
Chizuru, the original character of the drama who does not appear in the original, is not interested in marriage, and understands that marriage is a "means" to avoid financial trouble.
That's where Yamashita came in.
Seeing the prospect of being promoted from Hokkaido to the Tokyo main office, which is rare, and the beautiful way of eating rice, she approached him as "the right husband."
Chizuru seems to have a strong mental state, but in fact she has a weak mental state like tofu.
In order to establish a romance strategy that won't hurt her, she feels violently upset if things don't go as expected.
Chizuru, who lives with a lot of bravado, meets Yurika and Yamashita, played by Shinki Yuko, and depicts the changes that occur as they come into contact with them.
This is the first time that Shuri, who has appeared in a number of high-profile TV dramas such as the NHK TV series "Toto oneechan" (April to October 2016) and the TBS series "Black Pean" (April 2018), will appear in a Fuji terrestrial drama.
Shuri said, "For some reason, I have a lot of roles that don't bear fruit in love, so I hope this time will be a success (laughs). I would like to enjoy playing Kaga Chizuru," and sent a message to viewers, "I'm really excited to see how I can create this world of" Motokaremania "with my cast and crew, who are full of personality and charm. I hope this will be a drama that everyone can look forward to every Thursday at 10 o'clock."
Also, it was decided that Okura Kujin (17) will play Chizuru's junior new employee, Hattori Bu.
Okura, who is the youngest member of the regular cast, gives a youthful, fresh performance.
GQ Men's 10 Day Clothes - Day 9 "Skateboarding with Friends" (GQ Japan) - Yahoo! News
The only way to get around is by skateboarding!
I've been obsessed with skiing ever since my friend invited me to join him.
I'm still a beginner, but I feel good when I push through the asphalt.
Filson's hunting jacket is convenient because it can be used to store smartphones, wallets, and other luggage, and it can be hands-free.
With shorts, you can feel the wind directly and it feels good.
Not to mention her feet, she wore Converse skateboard shoes for a light look.
The fashion and culture around skateboarding are also cool, so I check out magazines and Instagram frequently!
I also started going to a salon run by a skater hairdresser in Yutenji for haircuts.
They tell me many things I haven't been able to do yet, like tricks and information about skateboarding park, and I am inspired by them.
After school, our daily routine is to take a skateboard with our friends for a walk around the city.
Items to wear · Beanies 10,000 yen &lt; ANDERSEN - ANDERSEN / Maiden Company TEL 03-5410-9777 &gt; Vests 23,000 yen &lt; Filson / Outer Limits TEL 03-5413-6957 &gt; Tops 12,000 yen &lt; PRE _ / Wag ink TEL 03-5791-1501 &gt; Shorts 6800 yen &lt; Propper / High! Standard TEL 03-3464-2109 &gt; Socks 1800 yen &lt; CHICSTOCKS / No Design TEL 03-6677-6030 &gt; Sneakers 12,000 yen &lt; CONVERSE SKATEBOARDING / Converse Information Store TEL 0120-819-217 &gt;
Minister of Health, Labor and Welfare to meet with family members of people affected by the disease, three provinces to discuss ways to eliminate discrimination | Shizuoka &lt;unk&gt; S
At a press conference after the cabinet meeting on the 27th, Health, Labour and Welfare Minister Kato Katsunobu announced that he would meet with family members of former patients affected by the disease on October 2.
They also announced that consultations would be held on the same day between the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare, the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology, and the Ministry of Justice, in a bid to resolve the discrimination and prejudice against former patients and their families.
Kato said, "I want to listen carefully to the voices of the families and do my best to solve problems."
As for the families of former patients, the Kumamoto District Court ordered the state to pay a total of 376 million yen to 541 plaintiffs in a ruling in June.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has announced that he will not appeal the ruling.
The government also said it would work on issues such as reparation measures and human rights awareness.
An opportunity for male aspiring models!
"Model Special Audition 2019" (debut), in which 35 entertainment professionals and model agencies belonging to models who are also widely active as actors and entertainers such as Narita Ryo - Yahoo! News
Among the participating companies, not only models such as Narita Ryo, but also many offices belonging to male models who show their multi-talented talent such as actors, participate.
[Picture] SOS model agency affiliation: Kenji Taniguchi
She is an exclusive model for the magazine "Men's Non-No" (Shueisha), and has appeared in the movie "Human Disqualification" (currently being released), as well as starring in the movie "Katsuben!" (Due to be released on December 13).
Yohji Yamamoto GroundY / s'yte "SOS model agency" that Taniguchi Kenshi, who works as an advertising model and has appeared in movies such as "Kamen Rider Amazons" as Amazon Alfa / Takayama Hitoshi and "Joker Game Game" as Lieutenant Colonel Yuki.
Stage "Touken Ranbu" Jiden - Scattering with the leaves of the sun - Jiro Tachi role, Hyper projection play "Haikyu!!" Series Tsukishima Hotaru, and "Junes" belonging to Ryotaro Kosaka, who has been active on the 2.5-dimensional stage.
"NVRMND inc." Belongs to Soudairo Yasunaga, who has worked as a model for Amazon Fashon Week and fashion magazine editorials, and has recently been active in various brand models such as UNIQLO, Nike, and adidas.
In addition to "Prestige" from Hiroto, which has appeared in commercials for Wego, Colopl, LINEB612, TikTok, Johnson & Johnson, and "Sun Medical" from Santen Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., the Create Japan Agency belonging to Eiryumori, which has appeared in the stage shows "Gentle Devil", "Akimachi Twilight" and "Marigold: The Flower Language of Despair".
She has appeared in numerous women's magazines as well as men's fashion magazines such as POPEYE and Smart.
Numerous model agencies have participated, including "Barkin Style", to which Hayase, who has been active in a wide range of domestic and foreign brands' lookbooks and advertisements, belongs.
Akutagawa's original manuscript before his suicide to be released for the first time A debilitating and tragic essay on literature | Shizuoka Newspaper &lt;unk&gt; S
Manuscript written by Ryunosuke Akutagawa to be shown for the first time at Tabata Bunshimura Memorial Museum
The Tabata Bunshimura Memorial Museum in Kita-ku, Tokyo, had obtained the manuscript written by the author Ryunosuke Akutagawa (1892-1927), whose essay "Continuation of Literature, Too Literary" was published in his final years, in which he had a discussion with Junichiro Tanizaki on literature.
It will be on display at the museum from October 1.
The existence of Zuihitsu was known, as it was collected in the complete collection, but it is said to be the first time that a manuscript in his own hand was made available to the public.
The author seems to have written the book a few months before Akutagawa's suicide, and Tanei Takeshi, a researcher at the memorial museum, says, "We can see that Akutagawa, who had a mental and physical breakdown, sincerely faced the challenges of literature with tragic resolution."
The essay, consisting of 12 sheets of 200-character manuscript paper, was published in the April issue of "Bungei Shunju" (Spring and Autumn of Bungei) in 27th year.
Greta Thunberg questioned on Twitter: "Why are adults mocking and threatening children?"
Greta Thunberg, the Swedish environmental activist, speaks at the United Nations Climate Action Summit in New York on September 23.
While her speech has attracted a lot of attention, some of her insults have been coming out.
[Collection of Tweets] Greta Thunberg: "Why are adults mocking and threatening children?"
The television station that hired Greta apologized after a political commentator said on American television that she was "mentally ill, being taken advantage of by her parents and the international left."
Even in Japan, there are many comments online about Greta, such as "I feel sorry for her because she is being used" and "she should go to school", which are not the content of her statement.
"Why do adults spend their time mocking and threatening teens and kids?" Greta wrote on Twitter on September 26.
"They come up with all the lies and conspiracy theories they can think of."
Greta began her post by saying: "Look, it's starting again. As you can see, the people who don't like me are still active. They come after the way I look, the way I dress, the way I behave, and where I am different from other people. They come up with all the lies and conspiracy theories they can think of."
He went on to point out that adults seem to be shifting the conversation because they don't want to face the climate and environmental crisis.
To be honest, I can't understand why adults spend their time mocking and threatening teens and kids.
In that time will be able to do another good thing.
"I think they feel threatened by us," he said.
But don't waste your time on paying attention to them any more.
The world is beginning to wake up.
Change is on its way.
Whether adults like it or not, it's the same.
See you on the street on Friday!
Climate strikes took place around the world, including in New York, on the 20th, the previous Friday.
Greta had called for it to be held on Friday the 27th as well.
HuffPost Japan Editor's Edition
[Program Council] Akita TV (Sankei Shimbun) - Yahoo! News
Akita TV's 432nd Broadcast Program Council (Chairman: Kiyohiko Ehata) held a discussion on "Recommended by editors, culinary professionals, and celebrities! Truly delicious Akita curry" which was broadcast on August 16.
The program introduced each recommended curry restaurant, the points to enjoy professional taste at home, and the secret story behind the birth of their favorite retort curry.
Committee members commented on the show, "It's simple and has a clear concept and theme," "It was interesting to watch until the end. There was a good tempo with the appearance of curry bread," and "I was able to look at it from a different perspective than on a gourmet site." On the other hand, they said, "It's a long reproduction drama," and "I wanted some advice on how to make professional curry."
Hoshino Rikuya: "I learned a lot from rough turf compared to usual" Taking advantage of the experience and aiming for the prize money winner in the reversal (Golf Network) - Yahoo! News
The final round of the Japan-Korea Tour co-hosted tournament, "Shin Handung Hae Open", was held at Bear's Best Cheongna Golf Club (7238 yards, par 71) in South Korea on the 22nd, with Hoshino Rikuya finishing with an eagle, two birdies and a bogey for a "68" total of nine under par, the Japanese leader who finished in fifth place.
[Video] Coming to Japan!
Garcia's wedge shot.
I was able to stretch it somewhat in the first half, so I thought I could go with that momentum in the second half, but the putter didn't work out very well and I couldn't stretch it, which was frustrating.
Did you see him win with an eagle on the sixth and a birdie on the seventh?
Even after I hit a bogey on the 4th hole, there was still a par 5 left, so I was just trying to get it back, and then the chip-in eagle came on the 6th hole.
I got a birdie on the 7th hole and had a chance, but I was disappointed I couldn't make it in the second half.
What have you gained from this tournament?
I haven't been playing well (on the shot) lately, so it was nice to keep it on a course with narrow fairways.
I learned a lot from not having much (experience) on the course because the rough and the opposite eye are different and the way of hitting and the distance varies.
What's the difference between this tournament and the usual one?
Places where it was possible to take pictures (such as smartphones).
I was not interested in it at all, but the gallery people took videos quite a bit.
Other than that, there was not much that changed, but it was a co-hosted tournament with few Japanese players, so I went into the game with the feeling that "I will not lose to players from overseas".
The second half will continue, but if you do not win one or more games you will not be able to aim for the prize money king, so I would like to win one more game, and there is the ZOZO championship nearby, so I will do my best to get to the top and qualify for that tournament.
How can I prevent people from developing dementia and keep them to the point of "forgetting"
Reporting and writing by Yo Watanabe
A drug for dementia that major pharmaceutical companies and university hospitals have been frustrated with in their attempts at research and development.
However, the relationship between dementia and lifestyle habits is being elucidated, and it has become clear that there is a possibility that it can be kept to the extent of extremely mild illness and forgetting things.
We spoke to Professor Shunsuke Otsuki of the Stroke Center at Kindai University Hospital.
Dementia won't go away.
There is a huge need for drugs to prevent or treat dementia. What is the current situation?
Otsuki Everyone can develop dementia as they age, to varying degrees, from mild to severe.
However, it is thought that it will still take more than 20 years for new dementia drugs to be developed.
A drug called donepezil, which is often used in Japan, is also no longer covered by insurance in some foreign countries, so it is not expected to have a remarkable complete cure.
On the other hand, deaths from infectious diseases and accidents have decreased, and cancer deaths have decreased with remarkable progress in treatment such as anticancer drugs, and people have become able to live longer.
Therefore, it is also a fact that the number of people with dementia is increasing.
We need to create an environment in which people can live with peace of mind in the community as a whole, and not just in themselves or their families.
How to keep it to the point of "forgetting things"
Are there people who are susceptible to dementia and those who are difficult to become?
Even if it is inevitable that you will develop Otsuki dementia, there is a possibility that you can suppress symptoms as much as possible and keep it to the level of "forgetting".
Dementia is considered a lifestyle-related disease, and people who are susceptible to it have a tendency to it.
First, people with metabolic disease are more likely to develop dementia.
Dementia is seen as a lifestyle disease.
It is a combination of obesity, hypertension, diabetes and hypercholesterolemia.
Economic power also has an impact.
For example, in some areas of the United States, food tickets are given out to the poor, but the food they receive is frozen hamburgers, pizza, and chicken that can be preserved.
People who cannot use gas or electricity and live in an environment where cooking is not possible in the first place can use it.
This leads to a diet that is low in vegetables and protein, leading to a lifestyle that is skewed toward fats and carbohydrates.
Before long, I was poor but obese, and all I had to do was watch TV in a blur, and I became physically disabled.
A similar situation is possible in Japan.
Other than that, people who don't think or work are also more likely to develop dementia.
In other words, in order to prevent dementia, it is necessary to read books and think about things on a daily basis without becoming metabolic.
Okayama tourism and specialty products PR bicchu Marche Mankido VR will also appear in Osaka: Sanyo Newspaper Digital | San-digi
"Okayama Sunny Land bicchu Marche" (organized by the prefectural bicchu prefectural office and others), which promotes sightseeing spots and specialty products of the bicchu area, started on the 27th at the plaza of JR Osaka Station over a period of two days.
At the beginning of this month, Niimi City, which was hit by local heavy rains, set up a VR (virtual reality) experience corner in Manki-do to promote its charms to people in the Kansai area.
Seven municipalities took part: Kurashiki, Kasaoka, Ihara, Soja, Niimi, Asaguchi, and Yagake.
There were areas such as making fans using masking tape (Kurashiki City), making denim key chains (Ihara City), and making kaleidoscopes related to the telescope at the observatory (Asakuchi City), and station users stopped by.
At the VR experience in Manki-do, visitors used special goggles to simulate a walk in the cave.
A woman (52) from Itami City, Hyogo Prefecture, said, "If you look left, you can see the scenery on the left, and if you look right, you can see the scenery on the right, so I felt like I was really walking inside. If I have the opportunity, I would like to experience the real Manki-do."
Takagenji expresses remorse over brawl Takano Fuji's younger brother, act of dereliction of guidance | Shizuoka Newspaper &lt;unk&gt; S
On the 28th, Takagenji Makuuchi, the twin brother of Juryo Takanofuji, who was urged to retire voluntarily by the Japan Sumo Association for assaulting his sumo attendant, expressed his remorse by saying, "I will firmly accept this. I will start with the minus rather than the zero from the visitors."
He gave an interview at the Ryogoku Kokugikan in Tokyo, where he took part in the flower sumo.
Takanofuji held a press conference without permission on the 27th, wishing to continue his career.
Takagenji learned of the press conference and advised them not to do it, but they have not been able to contact him since then.
"I grew up in the same environment, but my brother and I have different perspectives," he said.
Jaguar F-PACE, the first major improvement … possibility of hybridization (Response) - Yahoo! News
Cameras have captured for the first time in southern Europe an improved prototype of Jaguar's first crossover SUV, the F-Pace.
The F-PACE originated from the C-X17, a four-seater concept SUV that was first unveiled in 2013.
A five-seater version was released in 2014, and made its official debut as "F-PACE" at the 2015 Frankfurt Motor Show.
The first current model was launched in 2016, and this time will be the first facelift.
The captured prototype is covered with thick camouflage, but you can see part of the new design.
The headlights are designed to be more compact and thin, and the side air intake seems to have been modified to a sporty oval.
The grille is completely disguised, but there is no doubt that it will be redesigned.
At the rear end, you can see some of the updated taillights, with a long, narrow reverse light at the top.
There is a possibility that the design that goes around the side a lot like the current model has been modified to be compact.
Inside the cabin, the company's "Pivi Pro" touch screen infotainment system is expected to be onboard, as well as refreshed new digital clusters, HVAC control screens, steering wheel and gear recorders.
The powertrain is expected to be a 2.0-litre inline four-cylinder turbo diesel, as well as a hybrid 3.0-litre inline six-cylinder indium.
The world premiere is likely to take place in 2020.
A company providing 300 million yen to a former aide whose sales soared due to construction related to the nuclear power plant | Shizuoka Newspaper &lt;unk&gt; S
Kansai Electric Power main office = Osaka City on the afternoon of the 27th (via Kyodo News Helicopter)
Yagi Makoto, 69, chairman of the Kansai Electric Power Company, and others received money and articles from Moriyama Eiji, a former assistant manager in Takahama-cho, Fukui Prefecture, where the Kansai Electric Power Takahama Nuclear Power Plant is located (he died in March of this year, aged 90). The local construction company, which provided Moriyama with about 300 million yen, has seen a significant increase in sales in the past few years due to orders for construction related to the plant.
The construction company is Yoshida Development Co., Ltd., founded in 1981.
According to the credit reporting company, its revenue for the fiscal year ending August 2013 was 350 million yen, but it exceeded 1 billion yen in the fiscal year ending August 2015 and 2.1 billion yen in the fiscal year ending August 2018.
The majority of the work was related to the Kansai Electric Power Company's nuclear power plants.
Man arrested on suspicion of threatening to "kill" driver in Kagoshima city (KTS Kagoshima TV) - Yahoo! News
On the 24th of this month, an unemployed 33-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of "driving a truck" relentlessly following a vehicle on a national highway in Kagoshima and threatening to kill the driver.
The 33-year-old suspect, Miyahara Masaru, of Karaminato 4-chome, Kagoshima, was arrested on suspicion of intimidation.
According to police, Miyahara is suspected of tenaciously chasing a vehicle driven by a 24-year-old man on a national highway in Kagoshima just after midnight on the 24th of this month, and threatening the man by saying "I'm going to kill you" at an intersection.
On the 25th, a man had filed a victim report and the police were investigating, but on the afternoon of the 26th, the suspect Miyahara was arrested at the police station, accompanied by a friend, saying that he was "frightened by the video of Aori driving on TV and social media".
The suspect, Miyahara, has pleaded guilty to the charges and said he was "suddenly forced to apply the brakes" on his motive.
The police are investigating as it is suspected that the Miyahara suspect was driving without a license.
News · Koyama Keiichiro's daily meal details are on display!
&lt; Tokyo MX "Koyama Keiichiro's Kenja no BORDER 30" &gt; (The Television) - Yahoo! News
On Friday, September 27th, the third edition of the new health promotion variety "Koyama Keiichiro's Kensha no BORDER 30 - The Branch to Health Directed by Specialists" (Tokyo MX), moderated by Keiichiro Koyama of NEWS, will be broadcast.
Comments have also arrived from Koyama after the recording was completed.
[See image]
In order to be healthy in the future, how to spend your thirties is important … Koyama Keiichiro learns about health!
This program is "a health program for young people" in which Koyama, now 35, begins to worry about his own health and learn what he wants to know about health.
Specialists from various fields will appear in the show, answering the questions of Koyama and the guests.
The theme of this time is "vitamins".
Guests will include Naoko Nozawa and Diana Extravaganza, who will learn about the different types of vitamins and how they work.
There is also a plan to reveal the contents of her daily diet to make sure Koyama, who is always conscious of her health, is getting enough vitamins.
Following the recording, Koyama commented, "I think a lot of people know and don't understand how vitamins are related to their health, and I hope this show corrects the misconception that you have about vitamins, that you can't just take certain vitamins!"
Nagai elementary school students empowered by Onsarigo as pacemaker in track and field, three break tournament record | Yamagata Newspaper
Children running in the 800 meters for girls.
On the left is pacemaker Joseph Onsarigo from Koyo Seiki Athlete Field, Nagai
The Nagai Elementary School Friendship Track and Field Competition was held on the 26th at the city's Koyo Seiki Athlete Field Nagai (city track and field stadium), with long-distance runner Joseph Onsarigo (27) from Nasu Construction (city) serving as the pacemaker in part.
With his light running, he set a new tournament record for the three men.
Onsaligo led the children in four races, the men's 1000m and the women's 800m.
For men, first place went to Koseki Chiya (Hirano 6th grade) with a time of 3:4.38, for women, first place went to Shikama Rara (Isazawa 6th grade) with a time of 2:34.17, and second place went to Asano Rin (Nagai 6th grade) with a time of 2:35.73, which exceeded the tournament record.
Ozeki said, "It was hard keeping up with the fast Onsarigo players, but I was able to tolerate it," while Shikama said, "Onsarigo players told me to" pace up. "
"The kids ran really well," said Onsarigo, "and I did a perfect job."
The 39th edition of the tournament is organized by the Nagai Elementary School Sports Promotion Association and other organizations, with the aim of encouraging sixth-graders in the city to deepen their friendship.
Nishida Toshiyuki hits back at jealous Melamera's Nakao Akira, saying "the level is different" "I've been to Red and White 3 times" (Sports Hochi) - Yahoo! News
Actors Nishijima Hidetoshi (48), Nishida Toshiyuki (71) and Nakao Akira (77) gave stage speeches on the opening day of the movie "Ninkyo Gakuen" (based on the novel by Konno Satoshi and directed by Kimura Hisashi) at TOHO Cinemas Shinjuku in Tokyo on the 27th.
A reformist comedy with a distinctive and strong cast.
Nishida not only made an appearance, but also performed an arranged version of "Until the Day We Meet Again" as an insert song in collaboration with Tokyo Ska Paradise Orchestra.
Nakao said, "What was most frustrating about watching the movie was that Nishida was singing," and he was jealous.
Nishida proudly said, "I have appeared in" Red and White "3 times in the past. I would like people to say that I am a singer rather than an actor if possible. (Compared to Nakao) I am at a different level."
He then promised to perform a live song, "If the movie continues to be packed, that's when."
Cutting-edge art that invites you to another world Okayama art exchange opens in the city center: Sanyo Newspaper Digital | San-digi
People walking around the classroom that was the setting for a video work depicting the future 3,000 years from now, at the former Uchiyamashita Elementary School
The international art exhibition "Okayama Art Exchange 2019" (organized by the executive committee of the city, prefecture, etc.), held every three years in the center of Okayama City, opened on the 27th.
Art fans in Japan and overseas are enjoying the cutting-edge art created by 18 artists from 9 countries, in line with the mysterious title "IF THE SNAKE: The Snake".
For this second edition, following the one in 2016, the French artist Pierre Huig has been appointed as the artistic director, and he has developed works that make use of the climate and local resources of Okayama.
Thirteen locations including the former Uchishitayama Elementary School (Marunouchi, Kita-ku, Okayama City) and the Prefectural Tenjinyama Cultural Plaza (Tenjinmachi, Okayama City) will showcase about 40 works, including video and sculptures.
An opening ceremony was held at the same elementary school before the opening ceremony, which was attended by about 100 people involved.
Chairman of the executive committee, Mayor Omori Masao, and general producer Ishikawa Yasuharu gave speeches, saying, "We have a collection of works that stimulate intellectual sensitivity, imagination, and creativity. I hope this exhibition will attract the world's attention."
Families and out-of-school children immediately visited the school grounds, where they saw a snake-shaped robot that wiggled in response to the sounds around it, and toured the school grounds, which had been transformed into a stage for a video work depicting the world 3,000 years from now.
I was enjoying the art that took me to another world.
One fifteenth-year high school student in Tokyo, who is traveling with his father, said, "It's interesting to have a work that makes use of the atmosphere of the old school building. It makes me imagine the time that passed in this place."
Closed on Mondays (or the following day if it is a national holiday) until November 24.
Tens of thousands of people rally in Hong Kong in 5th year of Umbrella Movement, aiming for universal suffrage | Shizuoka &lt;unk&gt; S
People gathered at the rally site on the 28th, marking the 5th anniversary of the Umbrella Movement (pool photo)
Hong Kong: Tens of thousands of people gathered in a park close to the Hong Kong government headquarters building in Admiralty, where the protesters' biggest stronghold was, on the 28th, five years after the Umbrella Movement, a massive demonstration in 2014 calling for democracy in the election of the Hong Kong chief executive.
Around the venue, some young people occupied a major road and threw Molotov cocktails at the government building.
As the protests triggered by the proposed amendment to the Fugitive Offenders Act continue, participants have renewed their determination to fight for "true universal suffrage," which they were unable to win at the time.
The protests, which began in earnest in June, have now grown to 112 days, more than the 79 days of the Umbrella Movement, and the protesters' demands have expanded to include "five demands," such as electoral reform.
Ibaraki National Sports Festival begins today 28th | Sports | Saga Shimbun News | Saga Shimbun live
The 74th National Sports Festival "Ikiiki Ibaraki Yume National Sports Festival 2019" will hold the general opening ceremony on the 28th at Kasamatsu Sports Park Athletics Stadium in Hitachinaka City, Ibaraki Prefecture, and the heated game will start for 11 days until October 8.
About 400 players and coaches from Saga Prefecture will participate in 33 sports (excluding those held before the exhibition), and they will take on strong teams from all over the country with pride in their homeland.
The prefecture had been languishing in 43rd place for three years in a row until two years ago, but rose to 33rd place last year.
They are also strengthening their preparations for the national sports tournament to be held in the prefecture in 2023, and this year they are aiming to be in the top 20.
In the sports before the exhibition, which was held until the 16th, Saga high school boys' and girls' rhythmic gymnastics, as well as adult girls and boys' and girls' gymnastics, all gained momentum by finishing in sixth place.
I want to follow the flow of each game and try to make it to the top.
At the general opening ceremony, a total of 83 prefectural players, coaches and officials from the main office marched to the 40th entrance, with Ishikawa Kugo (Saga Technical High School), a rugby boy, serving as the flag bearer.
On the opening day, there will be three sports: Wrestling, table tennis, and karate.
