"Hateful woman ranking" 2nd place Suzuki Nana,"rude too body touch" and confessed to the episode (the television) - Yahoo!News
9/30 (moon): "don't be like me! ! "(Every Monday night 0:20-0:50, TV Asahi), as"teacher", Suzuki Nana appeared on the stage.
The studio showed off an abuzz botched episode.
[Looking at the picture] studio everyone don pull?
Nana Suzuki, demonstrating "body touch too rude"
In addition, from 0:50 at midnight immediately after the terrestrial broadcast, the full class and comedy department will be delivered in the"Abema video"of AbemaTV.
In this broadcast, Suzuki appears as "the teacher who had been disliked insanely from the world while I do not know if I was doing my best"and do the class.
Suzuki made his modeling debut in Gal magazine in 2007 at the age of 18.
Since her first appearance on the TV show in 2011, she has been busy promoting a variety show with high-tension talks and overreactions.
This year, Suzuki won No. 1 in the "variety and other categories" of "hateful woman ranking" published in a weekly magazine.
In addition, it is said that it has been elected to the 2nd place in the entire entertainment world.
As a result, Suzuki reveals that her mother was shocked, and her husband was also annoyed at her family, including being bullied at work.
In the Class, I looked back at Suzuki's steps as a talent, how it became to acquire the top of the"hateful woman ranking".
It is said that the background of Suzuki's all-out talk & reaction to excess was from a word of a senior entertainer.
In addition, Suzuki escalated more and more the radical and"full-force body touch"and"full-force under the neta"in addition to the reaction.
In the past, Suzuki demonstrated the body touch that he had done to the big-name co-stars, but the whole studio was shocked by the rude situation.
And just after terrestrial broadcasting, the full version of the class and the comedy research department were delivered.
Suzuki's galsar (Gal's circle) era of the"private secret story with the husband" which had been exposed in order to liven up the episode and the scene is revealed nakedly.
The Setouchi city adds its own"electronic gift certificate" to the return item in the hometown tax payment:Sanyo Shimbun digital/San digital
Electronic gift certificate "E Street gift".
Contact the dedicated equipment to settle
The city of Setouchi announced that it would add its own electronic gift certificate,"E-Town gift", to the returned goods of Fukui, Japan.
In the city of the merchant, it is available from February.
It is said to be the first municipality in the prefecture.
Do the hometown tax payment, if you choose the electronic gift certificate to the return goods, a mechanism to be sent to the smartphone of ３ 割 equivalent of the donation amount is specified.
It shows the screen of the gift certificate at the time of the product purchase, the store side is to settle by contacting the stamp type dedicated equipment.
It is not transferable or resale.
Return items usually require a certain amount of time from application to arrival, but electronic gift certificates can be received instantly.
It is easy for tourists to use.
In addition to the five home tax portal sites, it is also accepted in the city's two special sites.
The current store is １３ store, and aims to be a long store by the end of this fiscal year.
In order to prevent excessive competition among local governments, the Ministry of internal affairs and Communications has established a new system for regulating local products with the amount of procurement of returned goods being ３０％or less of the donation amount.
The city plans to use merchants such as those that deal with local products, and this is within the scope of the guidelines.
The amount of tax payable to Setouchi city in the last fiscal year of the year is about １８ ４３ 千万 千万 千万.
Japan, men's hundred finals advance without World Athletics Day No. two / Shizuoka Shimbun at-S
Men's semi・final: Sani Brown-Hakim (left).
Doha failed to advance to the final(Reuters)）
The men's Freestyle Skiing Men's snowboarding final (left).
Doha, Co.: the Athletics World Championships took place in Doha on day two of the second day, and the men's (１００ meters) - semifinals in Sani Brown Hakeem (Florida), Yuki Koike (Sumitomo Electric Industries) and Yoshishige Kiryu (Nippon Life Sciences) did not advance to the final for the first time in Japan.
Japan record holder of Sani Brown is １０secidentally １５着、小池は１０ 秒２８で２８７組着、桐生は１０ 秒 １６で３組 ６着に どした。
Male 04 meters failure in the semi-final Abe Takashi shun (Yamada Denki) is the ４重 し sec７９７ ３９８ ３次４２組の 豊 豊 将（法大）は２組の 豊 豊 Toyoda Masaki (法大) missed both the final advance in both the ８ 着 ３０ Of ５０ seconds。
Driving in high heels is dangerous!
Many accidents happen when young people tread the wrong pedal(Auto Messe Web) - Yahoo!News
Violation of road traffic law
It is a big mistake to think that it is only the problem of the elderly driver though the news of the accident by misoperation such as the mistake of the pedal is noticed more.
The number of mistakes in pedals by age (2015 data from the National Police Agency) shows that the largest number of incidents are 24 years old or younger (1080) and more than 75 years old (1032).
It is important to call attention to young people as well, as mistakes are not often made by the elderly.
Do you want to take your foot off the gas?
Do you take safety?
There is no description of the male-female ratio or cause in this data, but unlike the elderly people, who are often thought to suffer from a decline in the body such as driving skills and reflexes, the younger generation may be distracted by other things such as music and conversation, and may make mistakes or make mistakes in their clothes.
Women, in particular, choose high heels, pumps, sandals, mules and a variety of shoes depending on their day's attire.
While some people know that it is not suitable for driving, and it is troublesome to change shoes, some people do not think at all about the possibility that it will lead to danger, and many people are driving without ill will.
However, driving in high heels and sandals is against the road traffic law.
One is the"violation of the duty of safe driving " in Article 70, which stipulates that"operation of steering wheel, brake and other operations must be ensured"and that" operation should not be carried out to cause an accident and harm a person."
The other is in violation of Article 71 of the Public Safety Commission, which stipulates that the driver must comply with the matters stipulated by the prefectural Public Safety Commission, and in accordance with Article 12 of the ordinance for the enforcement of the Miyazaki prefecture road traffic law, for example, " wearing slippers, high heels, or other footwear that may interfere with the operation of the (excluding light vehicles.Do not drive). "I'm not going to do that," he said.
Each prefecture has the same principle of"footwear that may interfere with driving operation"even if it does not specify high heels.
So why is driving in high heels dangerous?
It's obvious, given the basics of safely pedalling.
For safe pedal operation, first fix the heel of the foot on the floor, place the foot so that it is perpendicular to the brake pedal,and when stepping on the accelerator pedal, tilt the toe as a fulcrum to the right.
At this time, regardless of the behavior of the car, it is important to keep firmly fixed so that the heel does not shake.
However, in high heels, the heel ground to the floor is small, and it is always wobbly and blurry, and because the entire foot is angled at the height of the heel, the area of the toe that is grounded to the pedal is also small, and it is difficult to stagger firmly, and fine adjustment is made.
This is thought to lead to danger.
In addition, most cars have floor carpets, but this material is easy to catch heels of high heels, such as a sudden brake when the heel is caught and the pedal is not depressed, the high heel is removed to the beat that the heel has been caught, and there is no time to step on the back of the pedals. it is also the case that it is.
In addition, there is also a case that when you step on the pedal and return, the heel is caught behind the pedal, and the accelerator pedal is not returned.
Toyota and Subaru to become equity method affiliates accelerate joint development of new AWD vehicles and 86/BRZ next models (response) - Yahoo!News
Toyota Motor Corporation and SUBARU (Subaru) agreed to a new business and capital alliance on 9/27.
Toyota will acquire additional shares in Subaru and become an affiliate of the equity method.
Since the agreement in 2005, the two companies have worked together on the contract production of Toyota vehicles by Subaru, the supply of vehicles from Toyota to Subaru, and the joint development of the FR sports cars"86" and "BRZ".
In addition, in the 6th month of this year, it has agreed to work on EV-only platform and EV vehicle development utilizing Subaru'S AWD (all-wheel drive) technology and Toyota's electrification technology.
Under the business capital alliance agreement, Toyota will acquire additional shares in Subaru.
Currently, Toyota holds 16.83% of the voting rights in its Subaru stock, which is acquired until it reaches 20%.
Subaru is an equity-method affiliate of Toyota.
On the other hand, Subaru will acquire the Toyota stock equivalent to the amount required for Toyota to acquire the Subaru stock (in excess of ¥ 800 billion).
The two companies developed and strengthened cooperative relations through a business and capital alliance.
Joint development of the AWD model and 86/BRZ next model,the Toyota hybrid system (THS) for Subaru vehicles, coordination in the connected Area, Technical Cooperation in the autonomous driving field, etc. will be promoted.
Rice, refugee acceptance frame minimum of three consecutive years, １ million ８ thousand thousand/Shizuoka newspaper at Es
[Washington joint] US ministry announced the policy to reduce the limit number of refugees accepted from around the world to ２６ 日 日 日、２０１９ 年２０ Year（１～２０ 年９ 月 月）を １ 発表した。
The refugee law has been enacted to update the minimum number of since The １９０９での３ 年 consecutively。
The Trump administration is aiming to win next year's presidential election by appealing to conservatives with its strict immigration and refugee policies.
While the number of people in the country is constantly increasing, criticism from human rights groups and others is inevitable.
The previous Obama administration set the limit of the Year １１１ million, but the Trump administration that was launched in the Year １ Mon reversed this and reduced to ５ million.
１８ ， ４ ５ ５ ， １ ， １ ， １ ． ， The １９ １９は３ 万人 ． 
The Ministry of Health confirmed the increase in the price of boarding at non-licensed childcare facilities or free of charge.
The Ministry of Health, Labour and welfare notified the Ministry of Health and welfare in a document to confirm that there were no similar cases in prefectures and government ordinance cities nationwide, and to instruct if necessary, as evidenced by the fact that the case that the subsidy was considered to be a piggy bank increase was confirmed by the non・authorized childcare facilities before the gratuitation of early childhood education and childcare starting from the month.
According to the MHLW, the facility of raising only the use fee of the three-year-old child or more to be a supplementary object and, and that multiple facilities such as raising the price from １０ month has been confirmed.
Complaints were also made to a call centre set up by the Cabinet Office.
"There should be no price increases without a reason,"the ministry said.
"D－８" (tae-dae-Dokdo) 第１０ the torch of the National Athletic Meet burned = Korea (joongangang Ilbo) - Yahoo!News
In the easternmost Dokdo in the Republic of Korea (docto, the name of Japan・Takeshima), a torch was set on fire, informing the people of the National Athletic Meet (the national record) for the 5th time, which is the name of Japan-Takeshima.
The city of Seoul on the 26th at 6: 30 AM, North Gyeongsang Province, depression Ling County (the version of the library・the group)Dokdo guard of a helicopter type landing area in the National Sports Festival commemorative torch ignition events was performed.
The Holy Fire of the National Athletic Meet was ignited in Dokdo ２００４ 北 北 北 (ュ 北 ク) (ュ ブ) (ュ ク ク) (ュ ク) was opened in Dokdo the first time since the graveyard conference was １５ 年.
Following a kite-flying performance to pray for peace, Seoul City Council Vice・Chairman Kim Seong-hwan read out the declaration.
Vice-Chairman Kim said,"I stood on Dokdo to remember the past year of the National Athletic Meet and to praise the hard will of the national self・determination,"and said," I would like to add the history of the National Athletic Meet, the history of the Korean government, and the history of the National Athletic Meet, the history of the National Constitution, and the history of the National Athletic Meet, the Constitution of Korea, to be added to the history of the National Athletic Meet, the Constitution of Korea, and the Constitution of the Republic of Korea."
The greeting of Ulleung-gun's head also continued.
Ulleung County head Kim Byung-Suk said,"We have been insisting that Dokdo is the territory of Korea, because our economy has been tough for no reason in Japan recently, "and stressed that"everyone should overcome this by becoming one through this National Athletic Meet."
Kim and his wife continued to set fire to the Holy Fire.
The torch was handed to the first runner, the guard of Dokdo island, Ho Won・seok, and the member of the Corps, Oh Joseph, after the hand of Cho song・Ho Sports Promotion Division Manager of the city of Seoul.
The Dokdo Holy fire ignition event was scheduled for the day, but was postponed to this day in the north of the typhoon No. １７.
"It is sad and very difficult, but we are working with pride that we can not protect our territory," said Ho Won・suk, who has been working in Dokdo since February this year. " it is an honor to participate as a runner of the Holy Fire relay at the Olympic Games in Dokdo."
Captain Ho took over from the helicopter landing site to the middle of Dokdo Island, and crew members from the middle to the landing site.
The Holy Fire moved to Ulleungdo and Kim Son・Ho, a member of Ulleung County, moved to Seoul by relay.
The Holy Fire of this time began with the introduction day, ganghwado (kanfado) entrench altar (chamsong Dan).
Since it is the hundredth time, the torch relay is also the largest ever.
Manisan (Manisan) the Holy Fire of the Manisan (Manisan) entourage is going around Incheon (Inchon), Goyang (koan), Suwon (Suwon) etc.
The sacred fire of Ganghwa Island is blazing as one of fireworks after it was combined at Seoul Plaza this month on the day of the arrival of the special fire in Imjingak, Ma Luo island (Marado) and Dokdo.
On the other hand, Park Geun・hye, the mayor of Seoul, described the concept of the national sports competition as"a time when the power of collective intelligence is important, not just a few heroes,"through a media briefing on the day of the competition, and said,"Therefore, the basic concept of the national sports competition has been decided to be"many stars."
Korea-Bulgaria summit nuclear power plant and defense industry and other discussions on expanding cooperation measures(Yonhap News) - Yahoo!News
Seoul South Korean President Moon Jae・in met Bulgarian Prime Minister Boyko Borisov on an official visit to South Korea on the 27th and discussed ways to expand the bilateral cooperation.
The Bulgarian Prime Minister's visit is the first time.
President Rumen Radev welcomed the 30th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations next year and praised the leadership of Prime Minister Borisov, who will lead the development of Bulgaria.
The two leaders agreed that trade and investment between the two countries continue to increase, even as protectionism is growing globally, and that they will work together to expand economic cooperation in the future.
He welcomed Bulgaria's decision to grant a"strategic investor"status to a Korean company and said he hoped it would encourage South Korean companies to invest in Bulgaria.
He also stressed that Bulgaria would be the best partner for Bulgaria as it promotes the introduction of nuclear power and modernisation of national defence, and called for interest and cooperation so that Korean companies could participate in the Bulgarian government's order of nuclear power plants and promotion of the defense industry.
In addition, the two leaders agreed to strengthen future・oriented cooperation in the field of battery and automotive parts for electric vehicles (EV) and renewable energy.
Prime Minister Borisov hoped that close cooperation in ICT (information and Communication Technology), Science and technology, education, etc., which Korea is leading.
The peace process on the Korean peninsula was also discussed, and President Tsai Ing・wen thanked the South Korean government for its efforts to establish peace on the Korean Peninsula, including the announcement of Bulgaria's support for the north-south and US-Korea summit.
Prime Minister Borisov reiterated Bulgaria's firm support for the Bulgarian government, praising the will of the president of the Republic and the efforts of the Korean government to build a peace system on the Korean Peninsula.
The meeting on the same day was attended by SOMO Seung・Mo Seung・Mo (Song Yun・Mo), Hsin Li, Chief Secretary of the economy of Cheong-Dae-Dae, and Kim Hyun-so-Jeong, 2nd Deputy Director of the National Security Office.
The 1st Secretary of the same department, Cho Seyong, was also present as a deputy to the Foreign Affairs Minister, Kang Kyung・Hwan, during his visit to the United States.
Hyogo, Awaji Island local industry, Kinki ceramics manufacturing "Awaji roof tiles" quasi-self-filed bankruptcy debt about 20 billion yen (Imperial data bank) - Yahoo!News
The decline in the housing market and the frequent earthquake damage have also contributed to the fact that consumers have moved away from tile roofs
Kinki ceramics Co., Ltd. (TDB enterprise code: 530173983, capital 9920 million yen, Awaji City, Hyogo Prefecture Otani 881-8,representative Mr. Kozo Fukuhara, 44 employees) filed for bankruptcy in Kobe District Court on 8.30.
Daichi Yoshida attorney (1-10-8 nishitenma Kita-ku, Osaka-shi, Osaka-shi, Ltd.; Daichi Yoshida Law Office; tel: 06-6365-6038); and 1 person.
Our company was established in 1895 (Meiji 28 year) 6 month, 1961 (Showa 36 year) 4 month corporate reorganized roof tile manufacturer.
At the beginning, Kinki ceramics Co., Ltd. started its business in seitan・Cho, Mihara County (now minamiawaji city) as a local manufacturer of tiles made in Awaji Island.
In the 86th year of the 10-month merger, Kyowa porcelain Co., Ltd. took over the business of Kinki Sangyo Co., Ltd., changed the current trade name and moved the head office to the current location.
After that, the company established a business base in Fukuyama City, Hiroshima city, Oita City, Miyazaki City and other areas, and established the current system, mainly in Ibushi-Kawara, but due to changes in consumer needs, it was now producing western-style Kawara (Western-style Kawara) such as flat Kawara and Ibushi-Kawara (Japanese-Kawara) at a rate of 70% and 30%.
We established a wide range of business bases mainly in western Japan, including major house manufacturers, building materials trading companies, and roofing contractors, and in the period of 2004/12, we posted approximately 31,1600 million yen in annual sales.
It had a good name recognition as a top manufacturer of roof tiles in Awaji Island.
However, in the period after the Lehman shock, the housing market slumped and the demand for consumers ' tile roofs was sluggish as a result of the Great East Japan Earthquake and the Kumamoto earthquake and other disasters, and sales for the 2018-12 fiscal year were down to about 13 million yen (45,500 yen).
In terms of profitability, the company faced a continuous deficit due to a decline in profit margins due to higher fuel prices, as well as excessive interest-bearing debt associated with inventory and capital investment, and was forced to face a severe financial crisis.
As a result, although financial institutions were seeking to restructure their business by requesting that the repayment terms of loans be relaxed, there was no sign of a recovery in business conditions.
It was this measure that gave up the business continuity unable to fully support the coming here.
Debt is currently under investigation, but is expected to be about 20 billion yen.
The prefectural Dinosaur Museum in Katsuyama city, Fukui Prefecture, which promotes the "industrialization of Tourism"）
Fukui Prefecture Katsuyama city is ９ Mon (December), next spring Open Road station"Dinosaur Valley Katsuyama" land adjacent to the site of the construction of approximately land of about twenty thousand ５ 圧０ (１３置場 荒土町町町町町) (荒土町町町) was revealed the policy to acquire.
In order to accelerate the industrialization of tourism, both the city and the local economy, the city aims to attract accommodation-oriented hotels and restaurants.
It was explained by a member of the board of directors at the special committee for the development of the city council attraction base on the same day.
２０ in addition to the opening of the Hokuriku Shinkansen (bullet train) in the spring, the entire section of the prefectural line of the Chubu-jukan Expressway, the extension and renovation of the prefectural Dinosaur Museum (Katsuyama city) and its function enhancement, the city is planning to make a shift from a day trip center to a stay-at-home-style sightseeing and to attract accommodation centers.
It is a private, idle land located next to the east of the Road station construction site.
It is surrounded by the kuzuryu-gawa River, Taki no Bashi-gawa River, and the prefectural road, and is more than twice the size of the roadside station (about １ 万 ２ 千 千平方 メ メ ル).
The Municipal Land Development Corporation will proceed with land development negotiations from this fiscal year under the pretext of the development of industrial parks.
According to the city, there have already been calls from private operators, such as farmers ' restaurants and harvesting experience facilities, fast food and restaurants.
Regarding accommodation facilities, it was also revealed that Sekisui House has been promoting itself as a city in order to attract accommodation-oriented hotels adjacent to the roadside stations planned by all over Japan.
Sekisui House is planning to expand to ３ place in Fukui Prefecture, but several other cities and towns show the intention of attracting, it says that there is a possibility to compete.
In addition, the city plans to improve parking facilities.
Some members of the committee called for speed-up, saying that the maintenance schedule is too slow, and that"there is no land left behind (for sale)."
The vice mayor, sanjio Mizukami, positioned it as"an industrial park with a theme of Tourism", and he showed the idea to do his best to attract hotels and so on, saying,"I would like to appeal the superiority of Katsuyama city by Putting Dinosaur Museum and ski jam Katsuyama in front."
The autumn of hokushinetsu District High School baseball tournament Fukui Prefecture the seventh day is the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of
If you win, you get a ticket to the hokushinetsu tournament.
Tsuruga kehi, the only remaining seed school, meets Hokuriku.
Tsuruga, who won a close match against Fukui commercial in the quarter-finals, clashed with uehui, who is riding the momentum of this tournament.
In the first match, Tsuruga Keki has been winning all the way to the cold.
In the underpants of the １ game, the pitches hit each other in a comfortable victory.
In the second round of the takefu industrial Championship, kasashima Naoki who was active at Koshien this summer pitched in the ５ inning and showed the quality of the no goal conceded and the score of the strikeout and the ace.
In the quarter-final match of the three countries, the batting line also gave off the Geppetto, and the Hokuriku attack with a perfect stance.
[Team introduction] Tsuruga Kaji-Koshien battery axis
It was the second time in the last two games that he has scored in each of the last two games.
In the first round, Fujishima's opponent made a late reverse and ran away with a goal difference of one.
In the second round, Mihajlovic scored his second goal of the match and also won the match with a one-goal difference.
In the quarterfinals, the batting line-up exploded, breaking seed Sakai with a cold.
"I think it's going to be a tough game," he said.
[Team introduction] Hokuriku-bat line with explosive power
Tsuruga, who appeared in the second game, defended and won baseball by focusing on the battery.
In the match against Wakasa in the first round, the pitching staff stepped in and won the match with the smallest score.
The second round of the takesho battle also conceded the second.
In the quarter-finals seed Fukui commercial and-９大 接戦となったが 、 実力力 校 校を下し 自信 自信を 強 自信を 強 強を 強 強を 強めた 。 
I want to win the battle with a strong defense.
[Team introduction] Tsuruga-wins against the battery axis
On the other hand, haizu defeated Fukui, the seed, in the first round.
With the momentum riding, the four-hit batsmen took advantage of a difficult start to the match against kanzu.
The midfielder said: "it's devastating.
[Team introduction] wane water and destructive power of medium-axis strike line
Quarter-finals (９ １２ / ２８２)）
Tsuruga kehi-Hokuriku(morning １０時）
Tsuruga-haizu (afternoon ０）
Canoe, paid article that Japanese momentum miss semi-final advance
Taekwondo, Takashi Matsui is the second paid article
BITPoint, which leaked crypto assets worth 30 billion yen, to resume service (gentosha Gold Online) - Yahoo!News
This year, on 7 May, bitcoin (BTC) and other crypto-asset exchanges"BITPoint" with illegal outflow equivalent to 30 billion yen.
BitPoint Japan Inc., the operator, announced that it will resume sending (remittance) services of crypto assets on 9.30.
It is thought that there were certain targets, including measures to prevent recurrence.
BITPoint leaked bitcoin and ripple on May 7 this year
BitPoint Japan Inc, which operates the crypto asset exchange BITPoint, announced on the 27th day that it plans to resume service for the crypto asset delivery service at 9.30 am on 14 April.
In addition to dealing with affected customers and interacting with the Financial Services Agency, it is thought that there were certain measures, including measures to prevent a recurrence, such as a business management system that includes security.
BitPoint Japan says it will " strive to resume services as soon as possible and recover credit from users while putting safety first."
On 7 May this year, a crypto-asset fraud outbreak involving bitcoin (BTC), Ripple (XRP) and other crypto assets worth 30 billion yen occurred on the same exchange.
At a press conference after that, he said that "there is a cash balance of about 30 billion yen even after deducting the amount of compensation" and " we aim to resume services as soon as possible, with user protection as the top priority."
*This article was published on" CoinPost "in 2019/9/27.
Israel's 'Messi 2' career with nine clubs SPORT.es ) - Yahoo!News
Guy Aslin, who joined Barca at the age of 12, was once dubbed the 'Messi 2' due to his impressive play and style.
The 28・year-old has joined a new team that will be the ninth club in his professional career.
Talented buried Cantera pearls
There are plenty of tumbles in the football world now that ANZ Stadium is attracting the attention of the public, and there is a very effective example of that warning of " no need to rush."
Asulin, who has extraordinary skills but has not been able to get the luck he needs to succeed, signed a 2・year contract with poly-Yashi, which is part of the 1st Division of the Romanian league.
The blue and white team is currently ranked 5th in the league.
Guy Aslin made his debut for Barca in the 2009/10 season's Copa del Rey against kortula・Leonesa at the age of 18 and a half-year-old.
But after the end of the season he cancelled his contract with Barca, which led to Aslin's long journey.
He did not belong to the same team for more than 2 seasons.
Manchester City, Brighton and Hove Albion (loan from city), Lassin Santander, elkres, Mallorca, Hapoel Tel Aviv, Sabadell, Kayrat almati and, now, Poli Yassin, are among those to have their careers back. it was a new club that gave him a new lease of life.
Family support in their own enhanced security measures implemented municipality 35 % , young 保無 compensating reduction in|Shizuoka newspaper, Internet access and air
The family support center (right) holds a press conference on the results of the survey by the family support center (left) and the family members of the child care accident (right), Fukuoka, Japan PM, Osaka Prefecture, Japan
Regarding the"Family Support Center project" (familysapo), in which the administration connects parents who want to temporarily deposit their children and support members in their private homes, it was found on the day and private survey that the local municipality of Miko has strengthened its own safety measures by the amount of the local municipality of Miko.
10 from January to early childhood education, childcare abolition of the subject of the before nursery the families of the accident is"the country has strict standards to make"and sued.
The"network to eliminate serious accidents in childcare"made by parents and specialists who lost their children in accidents during childcare is surveyed by the local government of Japan, ９２１２１２１ local.
Fukuoka was answered by the municipality of Fukuoka.
The national guidelines mandate that aid members only attend emergency life-saving training courses.
Summing up Darvish this season "it's good to be different in life so far" (eastspo Web) - Yahoo!News
[Missouri St. Louis, Mo., ($２)】
The possibility of playing in the playoffs disappeared, and the Cubs pitcher Darvish (0), who has pitched this season, responded to the interview, saying,"I haven't done anything for two days."It's just boring to watch baseball (from the bench) with no purpose," he said.
３９８２／３９回２回３回９回回回回回回回回 retraction.
Especially in the second half, the pitching form was stable, and the opponent continued to play with outstanding control of the ball and the overwhelming power of the ball.
"Right now, it's definitely the best thing I've ever done in my life.I didn't think it would be that way at the age of eight."I thought,"I'm going to finish like this,"but I feel like I can't believe I was able to come back from that and get into a better position," he said.
６ from about the beginning of the month, I gradually grasped my hand.
"Every day more and more things I can do, more and more things I can do every single day."
There was trial and error, but the state was remarkably raised by challenging one after another to the hypothesis that I made by myself, and the result was also improved with it.
"I was thrown out of the injury list throughout the year," he said.
Darvish, who has the right to opt out of the contract after the end of the season, said:"I have to think about it."I don't have any complaints about this team and it's fun,"he said.
I have not made a final conclusion, but it seems that the feeling is solid.
Yonezawa Lotus surfaced in 1 shot difference 2nd Takumi kanetani 12th / Asia AMA (Golf Digest online(GDO)) - Yahoo!News
Hinako shibuno got one bull.
Break windreds (Australia), who came out of the lead, played with 5 birdies and 4 bogeys in a 71.
He defended his position at 10 under.
Yonezawa Ren (Tohoku University of welfare 2 years) and Lee Jun・Min (South Korea), who marked No. 2 with 6 birdies and No. 1 Bogie ' s ' 67, put on 2.
The other Japanese team, the 9th-ranked Katsuragawa arito (3rd year of Nippon University), played in the"70s and moved up the ranking to the 5th.
Takumi kanetani (No. 1 in the World Amateur Rankings) (No. 3 in the Tohoku University of welfare) and Keita Nakajima (No. 1 in the Japanese sports Major) are ranked 3-under-12.
Yishun Yoshihara (Los Angeles, Calif.) is 2-under-16.
Kengo Tsingtao (Wake Forest) finished 9-for-59 in a tough qualifying group.
<2nd day performance in Japan > 2T ／ -9 ／ Ren Yonezawa 5T ／ 5／aruto Katsuragawa 12T ／ － 3／Takumi Kanaya, Keita nakagata 16T ／ － 2／Yishun Yoshihara 59T／+9 ／ Kengo Aoshima
佐賀 佐賀 佐賀 輪 輪 支援 、 輪 支援の 輪＞ ＞ ＞ 名物 名物"Tamen" run by the evacuation Association 、 disaster victims cheer up / the story of the city｜saga newspaper News｜saga Shimbun LiVE
Children who enjoy Omachi's soul food "tatomen" on the way back from the bath=Omachi general welfare center Misato
The 'Omachi turomen Management Council' (representative of Kensuke suzuyama), which serves Omachi's specialty noodles 'tatomen', acted as a 'taromen' at the town general welfare center Mi-Go, which is a shelter for victims of heavy rains, 182 days and nights.
It was the soul food that was loved since the time when the Kishima coal mine was located, and it cheered the people who were affected by the disaster.
"The only thing we can do is make a tanomen and eat it," he said.
I want to do is menu of 4 Food and beverage options the store is cooperating with 90 servings, making onigiri, also served as a shelter carrying.
The ginger-flavored beef bone soup was topped with thin noodles and topped with plenty of ingredients such as pork kashira (head), shrimp, and vegetables.
It provided a"flavor of Omachi"not only to the people who came to the shelter, but also to the people who came to the baths that the self-defense forces are setting up.
'I've been a fan since I was young, but I've only eaten it once in my first year,' she said.A man named"remember the old days"(６) or " I ate for the first time since I moved in about １ years ago."It's delicious.Now I want to go to the store to eat"２ ２２ ２０ 歳 歳の ょじまも。
The deputy director, Kenichiro fujigase, who had finished cooking, also rushed in and said,"We will cooperate if we can do something so that we can return to everyday life as soon as possible."
１ year since the eastern iburi earthquake １ securing water even in the event of a power outage"sprinkling plug"installation directly connected to the water pipe advance Hakodate condominium:Hokkaido Shimbun Doshin electronic version
Measures are progressing in the condominium in Hakodate city where water supply was cut due to the blackout caused by the eastern Kanto earthquake on the previous year (last month).
According to the municipal Enterprise Bureau water and Sewerage Department, in the year after the earthquake in the apartment building in the Year １ ， installed a "sprinkling plug" that can discharge water even if the power goes out.
４-storey or more condominiums and private residential buildings with water supply in the"receiving tank type"which is likely to cut off water at the time of power outage is about to have a tower of the city, the department has called for consideration of the measures.
The water supply system of a house is divided into two types: the 'water receiving tank type,' in which water is placed in a receiving tank located in the basement or on the roof, and the 'direct-to-door type,' which is directly supplied to each house from a city water pipe.
Even if the water pipe is not damaged, the electric pump that raises water from the water tank to each door will not work due to power outage, etc., the water supply will not be possible, and each door will be cut off.
Prepare for disaster training (Aomori) (Aomori Broadcasting System) - Yahoo!News
The training was conducted in Shin-go Village to search and rescue people who had been lost before the autumn mushroom harvesting season.
The training at hiragosawa Forest Park in Shingo village was attended by people from the "６ MPA" (police and Fire Department), and from the "hunting friends Association".
At the opening ceremony, the chief officer of the Goho police station, Mr. tsukida, called for " close cooperation and training."
★ Declaration of the Takahashi area section chief " from this we will start mountain training rescue training」
The training took place on the assumption that the men who went to the mushroom pickers would not return home at night.
Those who participated searched the mountain while calling out the names of the men who went missing after being separated by three groups of three.
In the village of Xinxiang, in the 5th month, a man of an age of ７０ years old who went into the mountain to harvest wild plants went missing and was rescued the next day in a state of injury.
In training, they found a man who had been injured and placed him on a stretcher to check on the search-and-rescue coordination to prepare for the fall season.
Hidetoshi Nishijima, in the drinking party at the "Yakuza Gakuen" team?
The first day of outstanding teamwork (Movie Walker) - Yahoo!News
The first day of the"Yakuza Gakuen", a film adaptation of the popular novel by toshitoshi Konno, was held at Toho Cinemas Shinjuku on 9/27, and Hidetoshi Nishijima,Toshiyuki Nishida, Atsushi Ito, Akira Nakao,and hishihisa Kimura appeared.
As a special guest, the original Konno rushed in and said, " I love this movie!"(Played by Nishijima) it is cool to see which cut, which scene."I'm so jealous of you," he said with a smile when asked if he had a great love for the finished work.
[Looking at the picture] the state of the drinking party of Hidetoshi Nishijima is revealed!
Appearance of the first day of the"heroism Academy" stage greeting
This work, Yakuza who does not have an eye on the social contribution, the boss of the Akimoto Group undertakes the reconstruction of the High School on the verge of bankruptcy, pain and pleasure story that solves a number of difficult problems in righteous feelings.
Nishijima plays nisimura, who is strong but does not hate somewhere, Nishida, who is always swayed by the boss and is just Akimoto group number 2.
Nishijima said,"I was nervous all the way to the present day."
"Not only during the shooting period, but also after the shooting, this team was very united and strong enough to gather all the time and tell a lot of stories," he said.
Ito also laughed that"there was just a drinking session that did not reflect at all,"and said," it was a plus for the site that I was able to make such a time.The teamwork was good and the motivation was high.I've been following it regularly since I finished, and I have lots of good memories, " he said.
In the story about the drinking session, the surprising true face of Nishijima also became clear.
Nishijima said,"If you have an anti-reflection meeting with this member, you drink too much.I don't remember half as much,"she confessed.
Nishida said,"I do not know how the other party is supposed to be," and cut out, " it looks like a shilaf, but I was drunk?"I think it's really good,"he said, prompting laughter from the audience.
Nishida said, " if the reputation is good, it might become a series.I want to take the power of everyone and work hard for the series", Ito said,"We are going to make it into a series," and Nakao said,"I was disappointed because Nishida was watching a movie and singing.""I want to sing this song once I turn it into a series,"he said, and Kimura also said,"I already have a sequel in my mind."
Chairman Nozaki:"the iwakiminpo official website is also set up in response to the announcement of the release of the ocean."
In response to the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant accident, the government of Japan decided to implement a discussion on the continued pilot operation in the fishing industry off the coast of Fukushima Prefecture.
On the 27th day, the Association of fishermen's Associations (Federation of fisheries cooperatives) was held at the prefectural Suisan Hall in chochaihino, and the union leaders in the prefecture attended.We want each of them to come together and start a debate, " he said.
The union also approved the official addition of Magpie, cherry salmon and murasoi off the coast of Fukushima Prefecture to the target fish species of the test operation.
The remaining aquatic products were binosgai and common kasbae, two species of fish.
After the meeting, Mr. Nozaki was interviewed by the press and stressed that the start date of the full-scale operation had not yet been decided.
"There is a problem with the Kellen-flavored argument against the treated water after the contaminated water at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant has been purified.The stance against Ocean release has not changed,"said Yoshiaki Harada, former Environment Minister and Osaka City Mayor Ichiro Matsui.
In discussing the full-scale operation, Maki Egawa, general manager of the Iwaki City Fishermen's Cooperative Association (Fisheries Cooperative Association), pointed out that"it is necessary to absorb opinions from the bottom"and said that he respects the wishes of the members.
It is said that it will hold a meeting of the board of the affiliated branch, solve the problem one by one, and make a conclusion as a municipal fisheries cooperative.
"In addition to the fishermen, we need to have discussions with the middlemen,"says the head of the tachitani Hiroji Union of Soma Futaba fishermen's Association.
With the support of the government, Soma-Futaba fishermen's Cooperative Association (Soma-Futaba fishermen's Cooperative Association) said, " it is important to return the catch in the first place,"so that a new ship of Shipbuilding will enter the next year, and it is thought that it will promote environmental improvement in parallel with the discussion of the full-scale operation.
Street activities to improve driving and smoking manners Karatsu tobacco sales cooperative/the topic of the city｜saga newspaper News｜saga newspaper LiVE
Members calling for drivers to drive safely=Waseda saga middle and high school in Tojo, Karatsu city
In accordance with the "autumn Traffic Safety kenmin movement", Karatsu tobacco sales cooperative carried out street activities on the municipal road of Waseda saga middle and high streets of Suzu 2002, Karatsu city higashisuki.
About １０ persons such as union members participated, and called for safe driving to the driver in operation.
Participants handed out leaflets and ballpoint pens to drivers, saying,"Please drive safely."
In order to encourage the Prohibition of littering of tobacco, the portable ashtray was also passed along, and the improvement of smoking manners also appealed.
Kumamoto chairman of the association, Mr. Fujio (８ｒ) said, " there are many accidents every year (in the prefecture), and the number of accidents in recent years has also increased.I want you to protect your manners and drive with care, " he said.
"Beauty and ugliness" is one piece of paper?
What is the image of"snake" overlaid on the beautiful girls of umezuka Kazuo work(magmix) - Yahoo!News
What are the similarities between the mysterious beauty and the look of Shadows?
Since the 1950s, the "Beautiful Girl Collection"(genko・SHA), which focuses on the Beautiful Girls portrayed by teacher Kazuo Umezu, known as one of the leading figures of"horrifying manga," has been released in 2019/8.
If you take it in hand and look at it, you will notice the correlation of"beauty"and"fear"of your work again.
[Image] attractive because there is a "shadow"?
The beautiful girls who work on umezuka Kazu (5 pieces）
In the introduction of the "Beautiful Girl Collection", there was a sentence that "there is a beauty of women who are opposites of fear, ugliness, shocking scenes and developments of the story", but the beautiful face changed to the expression of resentment that was distorted and harbored a grudge ... ... It may be that"fear"stands out more because there is such a contrast.
There is a keyword"snake"in many of Umezu's works, but there are various ways to receive it, such as snakes being captured by viewers as"creepy creatures"or people feeling" beautiful."
There are some people in the world who like reptiles, and some people who just don't like them.
In this way, depending on the sensitivity of the viewer,"beauty"and"ugliness"may be the"snake"that is a living creature that is inextricably linked.
Also, this creature has been revered as a creature with high spiritual power since ancient times, and it is also said that the house where"white snake" settled is good luck.
In the"snake"as the subject of the Umezu work, in 1965" mom is scary!" There are"Snake Girl"and"mottled girl"in the series.
It is the price of a beautiful woman who has a shadow to become a"serpentine woman".
I'm not sure if it's a cool thing to say or a cool thing to say ... ... I feel like that's something in common with the beautiful girls that appear in the work of Umezu.
The protagonist of"oorochi", serialized in Weekly Shonen Sunday from 1969, is a beautiful girl character who can be said to be a representative of the work of"baizumi", but in order to preserve eternal life and eternal youth, it is necessary to sleep in a deep sleep every hundred years, and to have a mysterious power to associate"the snake"somewhere.
Seven students from Xavier High honored the mayor [Sanyo Onoda]｜ube daily newspaper Kono-Machi Media Web
Seventh person who is studying abroad in Xavier High (principal Hideki Matsubara) was referred to the mayor of ２６ ２６ ２６ ２６ ２６, Sanyo Onoda city.
The students talked about what they wanted to do during their stay, and Mayor Fujita encouraged them to have a meaningful school life.
Utilizing the"Asia bridge project"sponsored by the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and technology, each country's high school students (１５ ～ １７ １ 歳 歳) arrived in Japan last month.
China, Cambodia, Mongolia, Thailand, Indonesia, came from Malaysia girls ６ people are living in the dormitory of the same school, spend ８ 月間 月間。
Turkish boys, while home stay １０ months, send school life.
The students who visited the City Hall introduced themselves in Japanese by one person at a time. １
"When I walk, people who don't know me greet me," he said."It's quiet, it feels good," he said.
"I want to see Mount Fuji while I'm in Japan," he said.
In addition, the girls living in the dormitory also had opportunities to interact with their host families, and they also told others that they were looking forward to volunteering at the library festival.
Mayor Fujita said, " I would like you to have a wide variety of experiences and experiences.She also invited friends and family to join her at a Halloween event in the city next month.
Deputy minister Yamamoto, explanation of the cause of the helicopter deletion tweet the night before / Shizuoka Shimbun at Es
A screenshot of Twitter that Deputy Minister of Defense Tomohiro Yamamoto posted and deleted along with a photo of Minister of Defense wachin Iwata.
Deputy Minister of Defense Tomohiro Yamamoto deleted comments on Twitter such as"delicious Naa ~ "when eating at a yakitori restaurant in Saga Prefecture by date.
Mr. Yamamoto had entered the prefecture at ２２ ２６ ２６ ２６ in order to explain to local municipalities the results of the accident in which the combat helicopter of the Ground Self-Defense Force AH６４ d crashed in the same prefecture last year in Kanzaki prefecture.
On the same night, " I went to Saga Prefecture on a business trip!" He tweeted.
Along with the photo of wachichin Iwata, the elected Defense Minister of the same prefecture, who attended the meal, I posted a comment such as " it is delicious~".
In the accident, a girl who was in the residence was injured, and two members of the squad were killed.
Mr. Yamamoto was elected in the lower house four times, and was elected in the proportional South Kanto.
【Koshiyama wakamizu】 the circle of"children's cafeteria"that provides free or inexpensive meals for children is spreading across the country.
According to a survey conducted by NPO corporation, there are about ３７ elsewhere in the country this year.
２０ times the sudden increase in compared to the year gurusuru, Fukui Prefecture in the last year also ９カ所 increase of A. ２４のカ所.
Why is it now a children's diner?
誠 social activist Makoto Yuasa, president of NPO Corporation, talked about the background and significance at the lecture held in Sakai City.
With the declining birthrate and aging population, the area becomes lonely, and shopping streets decline.
There is no place for people to meet.
It was necessary to establish a base for exchange between people in a lively community」
Even though it is a children's cafeteria, it is a place for multi-generational exchange where elderly people also participate.
It not only eliminates loneliness, but also leads to the support of raising children and the health of the elderly.
To break the cycle of poverty and revitalize the region.
The important thing is not to create a child who will be repelled from there.」
１ a variety of places to provide meals every day from the month １ times.
The scale ranges from a few people to several hundred people, and the venue ranges from private homes to temples.
There is an atmosphere where people can do what they want to do.
The appeal is the lowness of such a threshold.
But it is difficult to secure management fees and staff.
It is also possible to hear issues such as a safe management system
湯 however, Yuasa says that "values change by being involved with many people" and " connecting with society becomes a safety net in times of disaster."
It seems to be a beacon of hope for a closed society.
The last day of the fall of hokushinetsu District High School baseball tournament in Fukui Prefecture is９ month month date of ２９ 、 perform the final and ３ place Decision game in the prefectural baseball stadium (Fukui City)。
In the final, Tsuruga will be aiming to reach the top four for the first time in four years in the autumn tournament.
Tsuruga Qi ratio of the SEED School, cold win of three consecutive games from the round of one to three.
In the semi-final against the Hokuriku region, ace kasashima Naoki made a complete pitching victory by closing in on the key points.
The batting is good, the batting is good, the pitching is good, the pitching is good, the pitching is good.
In the second half, they were outscored by no.
The quarterfinals were won by a close match with a １ point difference, and in the semifinals with feathered water, we scored the first points with a squeeze and then ran away with ３ １。
We want to make sure we get a chance to score in the final.
Hokuriku-haisui is the third decisive match in which the remaining entries for the hokushinetsu tournament are suspended.
In Hokuriku, the early stage of the semi-final, the running base and the bunting were disturbed, but I want to rebuild in the decision Game of the third place.
On the other hand, hizui drew the attention of this tournament by defeating the powerhouse University of Kudo Fukui.
It is important to know whether we can win the North Shin-Etsu Cup in the ３ decision battle.
９ game of the month
▽Prefectural Stadium, ３ place decision battle Hokuriku-羽水（１０ １０時 （１０ １０時） finals Tsuruga qihi―Tsuruga （afternoon １時） ＊ time is scheduled to start
It's been 21 years since Tsuruga died.
Tsuruga kehi dropped Hokuriku, hokushinetsu ticket
Rugby Japan, the highest number of ８ 位に charged article
Basketball Japan women advance to Asian Cup final pay article
Sharp home appliances, Yoshimoto entertainer comedy Grand Prix in PR Osaka/Shizuoka Shimbun at ESU
The comedy duo who won the "sharp PR-１ Grand Prix ""himekoron"=２２７, Osaka
The final of the contest"sharp PR―１ Grand Prix", which determines the entertainer who can best introduce sharp's home appliances, was held in Osaka and Namba.
In the joint holding of sharp and Yoshimoto Kogyo, we have been qualifying from the seventh month.
It is a strategy to tell the charm of the product by professional storytelling, and ask the comedy fans to like sharp's home appliances.
The final at the Yoshimoto manzai theater.
About sumunin of spectators, about ２００ 組の中から 勝ち 残 残 残 残 残した４組の 戦いに 守 守を 守 守 守した。
The winner, himemeyo, is a young duo who have frequently introduced sharp products at mass retailers in Ehime prefecture.
The air-conditioner's virtues were conveyed in a lighthearted way, and the venue was engulfed in laughter.
Sagami Otsuka station Series 7000-12000 series photo session (railway com) - Yahoo!News
Sagami railway, as the opening commemoration event of Sotetsu・JR direct line, " 11/30 to Sotetsu-JR mutual direct!7000 series-12000 series photo session in Sagami Otsuka " held.
The venue is located in the Sagami-ootsuka station.
In addition to the photo session of Series 7000 and series 12000, 7000 series Car public, the sale of Series 7000 last run commemorative goods, such as the sale of the commemorative entrance ticket.
Items for sale of commemorative goods (price), such as metal key chain (700 yen), cans badge (450 yen), clear file (300 yen).
The number of sales is limited to 500 keyholders, limited to 300 can badges,limited to 1,000 clear files.
New models of"Air Force 1"such as NBA collaboration and "GORE-TEX"equipped models 8 appeared at once(WWD JAPAN.com）
"Nike (NIKE)", has gained popularity as a sneaker representative of the brand since the launch of the year 1982"Air Force 1 (AIR FORCE 1)" new model 8 launched sequentially from the 10th month.
The 8 Model 3 is for women, and Georgina James, the senior creative director of Nike Women's footwear, has created a collection of sneakers from a female perspective, in which she says,"women are diverse and want something unique that is different from others."an update has been added Based on the experience of the"the one Li imajind" (released in 2018).
[Image] the new model of"Air Force 1"including NBA collaboration and "GORE-TEX"equipped model 8 appeared at once
The Air Force 1 NBA Pack, which is a collaboration with the NBA, comes in 2 types of low-cut and high-cut.
The low cut is based on the NBA red, yellow, black and navy colors, and the high cut is based on the 3・team uniform color, including the Los Angeles Lakers.
Featuring an NBA logo on the heel and Shute, and a satin fabric on the upper back, Swoosh is the first bi-color design.
The price is JPY 13,200 yen, including tax, and will be released on 10/1.
"Air Force 1 Swish pack" is designed with the letters and logos of Swish as the words.
It is noteworthy that the shou-Tan part, which should have originally been decorated with the brand logo, has also been changed to a special character of"SWOOSH".
The "Air Force 1 Shadow" is inspired by the shadows, and each detail is double as a shadow, including the swoosh of the side .
The outsole is made thicker and taller than the original, while the hollow center of the outsole makes it a nice weight reduction for women.
The price is JPY 13,200 yen, including tax, and will be released on 10/3.
The"real killer" who attacked a Saudi Arabian oil facility (FRIDAY) - Yahoo!News
"The Iranian-made abvir, which was used in the bombing, has improved dramatically in recent years by analysing the US drone that crashed," he said.
It can be manufactured inexpensively and has a cruising range of about 1000km.
It is also a strength that it is difficult to be captured by radar because it flies low in the sky."）
９mb-14, 10 military drones bombed an oil facility of Saudi Aramco, the largest oil company in Saudi Arabia.
Immediately after that, the Houthis, a Yemeni rebel group, issued a statement.
"It would be wrong to assume that Iran, led by President Rouhani, is behind the Houthis.Iran cannot afford to allow its rival Saudi Arabia to profit from its crude oil exports.If we continue the crude oil embargo against Iran, the aim is to make it known to the international community that it will be accompanied by pain in response."）
In the wake of the bombing, half of Saudi Arabia's total oil production was halted, and oil prices recorded a 15% jump.
Some say the oil shock will come again.
"As Trump has pledged to withdraw US troops from the Middle East, we would like to avoid any military intervention, at least until the end of next year's elections.After that, Iran will continue to bomb the Houthis with drones.But the United States can't stand it forever.There is a good chance that Trump will decide to attack Iran in the future."）
The"proxy war"between the United States and Iran is at an all-time high.
We are a family owned and operated business.
We are here to help you.
9/27 (Friday) 8: 47 am
YouTuber who boasts a great popularity now centering on young people.
It is not uncommon for companies to use their own products for advertising, but there are companies that have started a rare mechanism called "YouTuber adoption" that employs them as regular employees in their own company.
Direct marketing mix Co., Ltd. (DmMiX) is a company whose main business is CRM (Customer Relationship Management).
What does "adopting a YouTuber" mean?
I interviewed Yuki Kobayashi, who is the representative director of DmMiX and the representative of the company that YouTuber was actually hired.
I want to support young people who work hard with YouTuber adoption
― - What is the mechanism of"YouTuber adoption"in the first place?
If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us and we will be more than happy to help.
Elementary school students have entered the top in the occupation rankings that want to take a job in the future,young people who will continue to aim will increase steadily in the future.
We have adopted and supported young people who are chasing their dreams, such as bandmen and comedians.
In the same way,"YouTuber adoption" is to adopt and support young people who are chasing the dream of becoming a YouTuber.
― - YouTuber, there is an image that individual is going to voluntarily video posting, but why did you think to "adopt"?
Kobayashi:while many young people yearn for the job of YouTuber, there is a reality that most of YouTubers can not raise their earnings as they thought.
There are not a few creators who are working part-time and making videos and posting, and the creators who do not allow the existence of YouTuber to the family.
In this initiative, we will provide the adopted creators with an environment for salary and content production.
At first, we will support YouTuber, who is in a precarious position, by supporting our company.
Environmental girl "fight for a safe future" protests around the world, a series of two weeks / Shizuoka Shimbun at ESU
Greta Thunberg (centre) and colleagues at a protest in Dongguan, China (Reuters)）
(New York) Greta Thunberg, a Swedish girl who advocates for global warming, participated in a protest in Montreal, eastern Canada, on Thursday, stressing that"we will continue to fight for a safe future."
The protests of the young people continued in Asian countries and took place in Europe, the United States and other parts of the world.
Large-scale protests in response to Greta's call was followed by ２ 週 consecutive weeks to ２０days.
Mr. Greta met with Prime Minister Tony Toko of Calgary, Canada.
Mr. Trudeau, who has always been enthusiastic about global warming measures, also participated in the March.
But Mr. Greta said after the meeting that Mr. Trudeau was"clearly not doing enough."
"I hope that South Korea will return to the GSOMIA," deputy assistant secretary for U.S. affairs (Sankei Shimbun) - Yahoo!News
"I hope that South Korea will reconsider the decision to annul the military information comprehensive protection agreement (GSOMIA), which expires at １243 (2,002 B),"Napper, Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for South Korea and Japan, said in an interview with the Sankei Shimbun newspaper at the U.S. ambassador's residence in Tokyo, Fukuoka.
It is unusual for a senior U.S. official to mention the reconsideration of the Soviet Union.
The GSOMIA is the foundation for sharing information on missile launches and other matters concluded by Japan, the United States, and the United States and South Korea.
South Korea announced in October that it would destroy the agreement with Japan, and if it expires, the framework to protect military information in Japan and Korea will collapse.
"We can't effectively respond to a crisis without GSA," Napper said.
"There is time to expire," he said, urging the return of South Korea.
The Sino-Russian joint flight training conducted over the sea of Japan in the 7th month was also"the first time in history"and it showed the threat perception, and" it is essential that the United States and Japan, which share values such as democracy and Human Rights, jointly carry out joint flight training."
The recent deterioration of relations between Japan and South Korea has"hurt the national interests of the United States."
"There is no intention to mediate, " he said, adding that he would"play a positive role in helping Japan and South Korea to close the gap."
(Yusuke Hirata）
Tokai village critical accident, ３０ days in ２０ years nuclear facilities trouble３ ％ 。 
It was found out from the coverage to the Nuclear Regulation Authority on the day that the trouble report of the accident and the failure which occurred in the nuclear related facilities in the whole country was raised to the day of the day of the day of the day of the day of the day of the day of the year toward the next year of the moderate improvement from the next year to the year after the accident of Tokai-Mura in Ibaraki Prefecture, where the death due to the first exposure occurred in the history of nuclear power in Japan was reached the day of the day of the day of the month of the month of the month of the year, the next to the year of the mild accident or the next to the year of the accident caused by the accident caused by the accident caused by the first exposure.
２００ years from the critical accident that sounded the alarm on the safety myth of the nuclear industry.
Although the international rating scale (Ines) indicating the degree of seriousness is the level (not important for safety) and the case not to be evaluated has accounted for about ９ outstanding, based on the lessons learned of the Fukushima electric power Fukushima Daiichi accident of the same accident or the year of the year of the Year １１, improvement of safety consciousness is required without fail.
To complete the story and the original picture of the creative picture book, Kouichi Soda who is soliciting donations towards the publication＝９ 月 １８ 日、Fukui Echizen city, Fukui Prefecture
Koichi soda, an artist with the Echizen City Region Revitalization Cooperation Group in Fukui Prefecture, started a crowdfunding campaign to raise donations online with the aim of publishing a creative picture book inspired by the Legends of the prefecture, in order to develop a town that makes the best use of picture books.
Mr. Soda, who was originally from Hokkaido and began his activities as a volunteer volunteer from the fourth month of this year, said,"I would like to convey the hearts of the people of Fukui based on their deep faith through picture books."
[Donate here]in order to convey the heart of Fukui.
Mr. soda is active as an artist working on contemporary art with a mathematical motif, and on the other hand, he has been active as a member of the same cooperation Corps since he passed the sixtieth birthday.
After being involved in community development in Nagano, Kumamoto and Tochigi, I arrived at Echizen city in the fourth month of this year.
The city, which has produced kakoriko and Iwasaki Chihiro, aims to create a city that makes use of picture books.
"I was surprised at the depth of compassion around me,"she says.
It was The Legend of Awara city"the face of the bride-in-law ogre".
In contrast to shudome who can no longer take the face of the Demon, the kind-hearted bride continues to chant nenbutsu to help shudome without worrying about being surprised by the face.
"Forget hatred, return with compassion and kindness.I felt the origin of the piety and kindness of the people of Fukui " (Mr. Muneta).
For the original picture book, Mr. Soda, who got a hint, went to Yoshizaki Gobo in Awara city as soon as he arrived, and completed the story"meoto Oni" in which a couple of kind-hearted demons and a boy appeared.
６mfrom month draw a watercolor scene with warm taking advantage of the job, the material of the picture book was complete.
In addition, we will make use of Echizen washi, a traditional craft that lives in Echizen city, and produce a picture book cover with Japanese paper.
This is an opportunity for parents and children to enjoy the touch of washi paper.
The goal of the sum of the donations for the publication of the R2 unit is to reach a total of ten million yen.
The deadline is １０５ 日 日.
Mr. Soda said, " Fukui's heart, which has been nurtured under the historical Buddhist culture, can be proud of all over the country.
I want to convey the true kindness and compassion that children inherit through picture books."
One of the projects in which Fukui Prefecture has certified the regional revitalization of the prefecture's cooperation Corps and businesses, and supports it by utilizing the hometown tax payment.
The Fukui newspaper is the source of information,and the Fukui bank is cooperating with the management support.
Donations can be made through the crowdfunding site lady four.
A rugby school aimed at children in Niigata (Niigata Prefecture) (ten TV Niigata) - Yahoo!News
In order to get familiar with the rugby that attracts attention at the World Cup Japan, a rugby classroom for children was opened in Niigata City on the day of the birth of the children.
"My first rugby lesson"was held at the ball Stadium of the toriyano Sports Park in Niigata City.
In an event held by Niigata City Rugby Football Association to make children familiar with rugby, children from the age of three to twelve years old participated and experienced the basics of rugby such as tackles and passes.
The boy who attended said:"it was fun watching rugby on TV for the first time.It was fun to join forces,"he said.
"First Rugby classroom" will be held on the day of 04.00.
Consumption tax hike ahead, one after another customers in the retail store in Okayama prefecture, special sale also:Sanyo Shimbun digital/Mr. digital
Sales locations of Bic Camera Okayama Station-Mae store where sales of large-sized home appliances were strong before the tax increase
８％１に 消費税減 消費税前の最 週末 えを 迎えた２ ２８２８％から１０ ％ の減 消費税 消費税 前前の最 最後を 迎えた２ ２８２８、Okayama prefecture in home electronics stores and supermarkets, rushed to buy of families came one after the other.
There are also home centers that sell winter clothing ahead of schedule, and stores that sell winter clothing ahead of schedule.
Bic Camera Okayama Station front store (Okayama Kita-ku Ekimae town), the sale that launched a limited time offer until the ３０ days.
Workers men of the same city who visited the store in search of a refrigerator (３７)said"although ２%, the difference when it comes to expensive things can not be overlooked".
According to the same store, TV and washing machines entering the９ month, large appliances such as refrigerators grew, and sales are about ２ Times of the previous year.
"The last-minute demand is more than I could have imagined.In the second half, customers who want expensive goods stand out " (the person in charge).
Haruyama Shoji, which sells suits (Omote-Cho), carries out a sale called"a large-scale disposal of financial results just before the tax increase".
Month earlier than the previous year ９入 旬 旬 from the beginning of the month, sales of this month is said to have increased by １０％compared with the previous year.
A male employee who visited the Kurashiki store (hakuraku-Cho, Kurashiki city) to purchase a suit to wear for the coming of age ceremony (１９） 浅ashiguchi city = "I want to buy the suit before the tax increase".
In this tax hike, the tax rate on food and beverage products will remain unchanged in the reduced tax rate system, so home improvement centers and supermarkets will focus on daily necessities and alcohol.
At the time Takaya store in the Home Improvement Center(Kaneki, Naka-ku, Okayama City), a special section was built with large-capacity detergent and tissue near the entrance.
Sales of daily consumable goods in the same month of the previous year in the growth of １・６ times, "it would be cut and not replenished many times in the" (Shimizu Seiya store manager).
A civil servant in the city who came to the store (６00) said,"it is something to buy anyway, so on this occasion," and bought the kitchen paper together.
Tenmaya Happy Town okaminami store (Chikko Shin-Cho, Minami-Ku, Tochigi) will also be set up at the event site with a wagon loaded with detergent, toilet paper, and paper diapers.
The city's office workers (３５５) said,"If you receive the cashless payment of points reduction, the amount of burden will hardly change, so you will not panic and buy daily necessities."
The best manager of 2019:"the best manager" (Klopp's greatest enemy) SPORT.es ) - Yahoo!News
Jurgen Klopp, who won the best director award for"the Best," looked back on his career in an interview and commented on the current situation.
What surprised the public in so many of his remarks was that Pep Guardiola, Manchester City's manager, would be his biggest rival for the Premier League title.
Neymar's close friend Alves says " his happiness is still with Barca ... 」
After the award ceremony for"the Best", the German commander said, " I did not imagine anything so wonderful.I am very happy and proud that I was able to win this award.It was a great few days for me.Thanks to my players, I was able to win the award.The most important thing is the team,"he argues.
Regarding Guardiola, Klopp said he "very much respects"him and asked:" what can I say about him?"He has won many titles.His style of play is exceptional.He's the best coach I've played against, and it's an honor to be nominated with him and be able to compete for the award.'
He also mentioned Pochettino and Tottenham.
"His last year was incredible," he said.In many cases, if you don't win the title, you don't win people's memories.We played with a great style of play.」
Klopp has no doubt about his best moment in 2019 " (CL) against Barcelona.Many experts and myself would not have bet on us, even 1 cm.They are 3-0 behind against teams with Messi and Suarez . . .It's like a death sentence.We had a small chance and we were able to do that.I couldn't believe it.I think we can say that we have won this game.This match will remain in everyone's memory,"he said.
Asked a more personal question at the end, Klopp said: "when I congratulated the Bundesliga champions, I woke up on a bench and I didn't even know where I was.This time, no such thing happened.I don't like to get drunk because I'm a human obsessed with self-control obsession.It was a very low-key celebration.I remember everything."If you put everyone in front of me, you might be able to identify all the people you see from the bus," he concludes.
Lexus LC and special-specification car introduced from the technology of the artisan to the cutting-edge technology to the IS appeared(WEB CARTTOP) - Yahoo!News
It is finished in 1 special unit that enhances the style and taste even more
Lexus will launch on 10/1 (Tuesday), setting up a special-purpose car for the luxury coupe"LC"and sporty sedan"is".
【Photo】 Lexus LC interior that stands out for its high quality
The special-purpose car was developed based on the idea of"CRAFTED".
CRAFTED embodies the desire to create a new experience that shakes the heart, by making people think about everything from the skills of Takumi to the state-of-the-art technology, with a sense of Japanese aesthetics cultivated in a rich nature and history, and a sensitivity to vague things that are not words.
The"PATINA Elegance" LC special edition car is based on the LC500 / LC500h, and features Lexus ' top-of-the-line leather L-ANILINE seats that balance durability while taking advantage of softness and natural texture, as well as genuine leather steering wheels that use premium leather of soft touch.
It was finished as a model that further enhanced the style and taste.
L-ANILINE carefully selects only the highest level of the original skin, and realizes softness with color coat aiming at a thin coating film by the process of softening over a long period of time and by original technology.
Improves body-enveloping comfort and fit during running.
It also uses premium leather for the steering, so that the quality can be felt with the skin.
In addition, it was specially equipped with an Alcantar roof and laser-etched metalwork, a scuff plate with L-shaped overlapping motifs, and a color head-up display.
The interior features vivid patina brown, door trim, leather seats, and an ornate brown combination of seat belts for special-purpose vehicles.
In addition, the color of the stitch utilizes the 2 colors of light brown and dark brown of different brightness, in conjunction with the texture that sticks out, it expresses a space of high quality and depth.
The body color is 3 colors of Sonic Titanium and graphite black glass Flake, including Terrane Kirki Mica metallics set for special car.
I want to use Sidecar
Apple (Apple) says it will launch its new operating system macOS Sierra in 10 May.
The specific date is not disclosed, but maybe it will be delivered on 10/4?
[Looking at all images] macOS Catalina release date may be 10/4?
The image above is what has been posted on the Apple site in Denmark(now fixed).
The picture is certainly from " 10/4 (fra den 4. it is a good idea to have a look at it.
If it is an official website, the accuracy of the information seems to be high.
By the way, the feature that I personally want to try the most in macOS Catalina is"Sidecar".
This is a function to treat the iPad as a sub-display of the Mac, a function that was previously realized in the third application.
And since Sidecar is a genuine feature of Apple, it is expected that it is better with more perfection (and response).
There are rumours of a next-generation MacBook Pro with a 16-inch display, but first we want to fully experience the next generation of macOS.
PT, water bathymetric meters shoot of growing shrimp in Shizuoka City ｜ Shizuoka Shimbun at ESU
Sakuraebi = １１ date of birth this year, which succeeded in shooting in the deep sea of Suruga Bay, Shizuoka Kiyomizu-Ku, off the coast of kamabara ("Yui sakura shrimp project" provided）
The"Yui sakura shrimp project"by the Council of industry, academia and government of Shizuoka succeeded in photographing the salmon shrimp, which is believed to have been born during the spawning season of spring and summer this year, on the seabed at the water depth of Suruga Bay.
The video of the growth process is precious, and the people involved want to lead to elucidation of the ecology of the mysterious shrimp.
Shooting, near the seabed of about １・５ km off the coast of the Shimizu Ward Kambara District of the same city.
About ３０１ was confirmed in minutes.
The discovery was backed up by previous findings that deep-sea shrimp"form a certain amount of swarm at the bottom of the ocean."
Adult is about body length ４０ミri, the individual reflected is about body length ２３ mm.
The spawning season was identified by comparing with seasonal data of the landed shrimp.
For detailed analysis, we ask Fujitsu software technologies and Shizuoka College of industrial technology to make up the team.
Project leader Mizuno Keisuke says, " We want to capture the living appearance of individuals during the growth process, including juvenile shrimp."
Mother Ranch resumption, Chiba citizens free １０ until the end of the month, damage by Typhoon｜Shizuoka Shimbun at ESU
The mascot"Cheba-Kun"of Chiba Prefecture, which welcomes visitors at Mother Farm, which has reopened its business operations, is called "Cheba-Kun" (２８ ２８ ２８ 午前), which is called "２８ ２８ 午前 午前 午前" (２８ ２８ ２８ ２８ ２８ ２８ ２８ ２８ ２８ ２８ ２８), which is called "チ ２８ ２８ ２８ ２８" (２８ ２８ ２８ ２８ ２８ ２８ ２８ ２８ ２８ ２８ ２８).
The Mother Farm in tomizu City, Chiba Prefecture, which had been closed since the typhoon １５号 due to a power outage and damage to the facility ９ day, resumed operations on the day of the disaster.
To raise the disaster area, residents of Chiba Prefecture will be free of admission until the １０ end of the month.
At the entrance gate, Cheeba kun, the prefecture's mascot, was welcomed by supporters.
The roof is covered in blue sheets and some facilities have been repaired, but half of the restaurants have reopened.
Kenji Mitani, an office worker from Sagamihara City who visited with his family, said,"I was worried about when it would reopen."I'm looking forward to the event," he said with a smile.
全道 囲碁４ 強 決定定 ： Hokkaido Shimbun ど う う う う 電子 電子 電子 電子
The 69th all the way GO Championship (Hokkaido Shimbun Sponsored)is 28 days,Chuo-ku, Sapporo-Shi, Hokkaido Shimbun began.
３０ people compete in the tournament to compete for the top of the amateur in Hokkaido, the best four came out.
Asano Tetsuya (４) = Sapporo district=, Hideyuki tanokuma = same=, Takuji Tida = Asahikawa district=, Takami-San (７５) = Kitami district=.
Kazuya Asano, who won the previous year's championship in the quarterfinals, won the tournament for the most part of the year by a half.
Yuya Shinoda who participated in the tournament's youngest-ever (８) Sapporo district=, Arai ichijyo (７５) = Obihiro district = defeated the previous year runner-up in the １回
Arai lost in the second round.
２３ date: from half past the half of the afternoon, the semi-final of the all-road game of go, the final.
From the beginning of the morning １０回 全道道 女 選手権 選手権 選手権 選手権が行われる。２６ ２６ ２６ ２６ ２６ ２６ is performed from the time of the first round ２６道 ２６ ２６ ２６ ２６ ２６ 。 
Both of the venues are Hokkaido Shimbun (大通西３).
(Yasutoshi Nakamura）
[Bud Olympic race first half] world champion, Kento Momota, Zhou Tiancheng of strong lead one step!
< Men's singles>(Bud x SPI!
The Japan national team, who won 8 medals at the 25th World Championships (in Basel, Switzerland) in the big badminton event held on May 6, will compete in the China OP (Changzhou / Super1000), which kicks off on June 9, after a training camp for strength in July 17.
Here, we look back at the first half of the 5th to 8th January, when the Olympic Games began, and look forward to the men's singles for the mid・match (9 to 12 months) (writing / badminton magazine).
The badminton Olympics race, which began on 5 May, was completed by the end of the world championships, and the top players competed in the top 500 (more than Super 4) competitions.
In the first half of the tournament, Kento Momota, who won 4-2 in the tournament, and 2 of Zhou Tian Cheng, who was in Taiwan.
Momota won the world championship and the Indonesian OP (S1000) won the tournament with high points in the"world ranking points"directly linked to the Olympic race.
Momota also won the Japan OP (S750).
The games that have entered the competition from 5 May are the Sudirman Cup (5 June / China), the Indonesia OP (7 July / the result is 16), the Japan OP (7 October) and the world championship (8 November).
Although the number is small compared to other top players, it has become a schedule to reduce the burden on the body.
8 May was only the World Championship 1 tournament, fatigue will not be greater than during the series.
A good result in the midfield, where the top Tournament of the 9th month or later is called for.
Taiwan's ace strong in consecutive games.
Attention to young Thai!
Having also won the Indonesia OP and Thailand OP (S500) top competitions, Zhou Tiancheng has already competed in 7 competitions.
He also competed in the local Taipei OP (S300) of the 9th month and won the championship.
He is a player who is physically strong and does not struggle in a series of matches.
Even if the tournament continues, there will be no major problems with the performance of the match.
Rather, it would have been easier to adjust the schedule for the upcoming tournament, given that they were able to score high points in the first half.
"I think we've got a lot of confidence in the team," he said, " but we've got a lot of confidence in the team.
For Momota, who is ranked No. 1 in the world, it is more difficult than ever.
Thailand's young ace kantaphong and India's Sai pranitis B were the only other 2 players to score in the first half . 。
He is Anders Antonsen's 3・year-old, who is fighting for his life as a European player.
Although kantafon has never reached the final in a major tournament, he has won 2 of the 4 tournaments this season and has the ability to advance to the top.
The 20-year-old (18-to 21-year-old), who is now able to rally on an equal basis with top players, seems to have a great potential to make a leap in the Olympic race.
It is also the site of the Second World War, the site of the Second World War, and the site of the Second World War.He was one step ahead of India, who have the best players in the singles.
Samir Balama, Pranay H.S .  The Indians will have to be careful after the midfield battle as they will have to catch up with Srikanth Kidambi, who is lagging behind with injuries.
Mobile phone new fee fair competition price reduction: Hokkaido Shimbun Doshin electronic version
１０The new tariff plan of the mobile phone company with the revised telecommunications business law enforcement of the month has been issued.
However, it became a high stop.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said last summer, "there is room for a reduction of about four percent", and price competition did not occur despite expectations for a price reduction.
It is a big factor that the full-fledged entry of Rakuten has become a postponement, and the oligopoly state of the major three companies continues.
For consumers, it is desirable to have a fee structure that is easy to use by fair competition.
Want to ask for the efforts of mobile companies.
The amended law prohibits a set discount on handset charges and communications charges.
Instead of selling the terminal, it was set that the communication fee becomes more expensive.
SoftBank and KDDI (AU) have announced plans to cut their terminals by half.
However, both companies can not use other lines for long range days "SIM lock" is the mechanism that takes on the terminal.
NTT DOCOMO will target only subscribers of its own line terminal charge to a maximum of three minutes of １。
３ the company appears to continue the"enclosure" to prevent the transfer to other companies.
The policy of the Ministry of internal affairs and Communications is to require the immediate release of SIM locks.
Companies need to respond quickly.
Rakuten's postponement is because the improvement of the communication network such as the base station did not proceed as planned.
It was expected to be the trigger for the price cut competition, but it was a shoulder-shrug.
There was a sweetness of perspective.
It is not clear when the full-scale service will start or how much it will cost.
As a company responsible for social infrastructure, I would like to work on business with responsibility.
It is also a great way to learn about the history and culture of the city.
Mr. Suga said about the new rates of three companies,"I think the competition will start from now on.I don't think it's good at all,"he said.
However, I do not think that"official price cuts"will distort the market and encourage healthy competition.
Companies should develop customer-oriented competition before they are exposed to the government.
The fee structure of each company is very complicated and it is not easy to compare.
The Consumer Affairs Agency has called attention to the case that the consumer's burden is more than half the price, even though the terminal is advertising such as"the maximum becomes half the price".
The company must try to provide a polite and easy-to-understand explanation so as not to create misunderstandings among users.
Withdrawal limit reduced to 50 million yen in Mie prefecture of three Shinsen cash card-ISE Shimbun
The three Shinkin banks in Mie Prefecture (Kuwana・Mie Shinkin Bank, kitaiseokin Shinkin Bank, and kihoku Shinkin Bank) announced on the 26th that they had decided to lower the withdrawal limit by cash card in order to prevent the damage of the Special Fraud.
For depositors over the age of 70 who have not made a withdrawal transaction at least a certain amount at an ATM (automatic teller machine) for the past three years, the maximum withdrawal amount that can be withdrawn on the day is 50 million yen.
Kuwana-Miki Shinkin Bank and kitaiseokin Shinkin Bank (10 month １、kihoku Shinkin Bank (11 month １
In the prefecture, there are many special fraud cases where cash cards and pins are defrauded by pretending to be financial institutions or police, etc., and the cash is withdrawn at an ATM, and officials of the Shinkin Bank"want to protect customers' precious deposits in the best possible way".
Tsururyu Yokozuna to Mutsu room transferred Izutsu in the sudden death of chikakata/Shizuoka Shinbun Atsu
The Japan Sumo Association announced that it had approved the transfer of sumo wrestlers of yokozuna tsururyu et al Izutsu room to the Mutsu room of Miki No. ３, Tokuyama No. １.
Mutsu room is the same Tokitsukaze family as Izutsu room.
His master, chikakata Mutsu(former daiseki Kirishima), was a senior disciple of the late chikakata Izutsu from Izutsu room.
After the father of Izutsu passed away suddenly in the day, tsururyu and others temporarily kept the Kageyama room of the same family, and the future treatment was discussed.
The Mutsu room is tsururyu and the same Mongolian-born ten Ryo kirimayama et al., ら １２ 人 place at the time of the twelfth rikishi are enrolled.
[Rugby World Cup] one-shot exit & melee"face danger tackle"of us players overseas ripple"insulting and despicable play" (the ANSWER) - Yahoo!News
Flyhalf Quill is not a rough play, former England national team " tackle」
The Rugby World Cup (World Cup) tournament in Japan is the 26th, the last appearance in 20 countries, the United States defeated England 7-45.
It was a rough play by John Quill in the second half that caused a stir.
It was a one-shot exit in the form that adds a shoulder tackle to the face of the opponent.
The former England international has been criticised for being 'insulting and despicable' and 'not a tackle'.
[Video] "insulting and despicable play"and overseas ripples!
It was a one-shot drop and a riot between the two fighters...The actual moment of the"face danger tackle" played by US Representative Quill
The hot fighting spirit has crossed the line.
It was 0-38 in the 29th minute of the second half.
England captain Farrell was slightly off balance when he caught his side's pass.
It was Quill who went to the tackle.
However, instead of starting from the waist down, the upper body was raised, and the body was violently hit in the upper body.
As a result, the opponent's head and head are in contact, and the head is thrust into a shape.
Farrell was sent off and fell.
England players protested wildly as they tried to kick the Quill in an apparent lack of legitimacy.
Both players gathered at once, and it became a touch of air.
As a result of the TMO (video judgement), Quill was sent off with a red card.
The crowd was booed by some as he walked off the pitch in a foul-mouthed face.
Rugby's powerful New Zealand local media"staff"featured the headline:"Rugby World Cup 2019: us players exit with sneaky play, England wins comfortably."
Kyrgios had a sneaky shoulder charge on the face of the England star Farrell and was sent off in what was reported to be a scuffle between the two players.
In this article, we introduce the comments of Hugo Mona, a former England international and commentator.
"Insulting and despicable.It's not a tackle."It's despicable," he said.
The game was lacking 1 United States managed to escape a closed loss with a nasty try in the 81st minute.
However, Quill's play left a bad taste.
Ministry of Health, Labour and welfare ９２６ the day, the country １４５５５などの 公的 公的 病院 病院 病院の 公的 公的 病院 病院の 公的 公的の 公的 病院のうち"診療 実績実 実績が 乏い"４と 判断断した４４２４合 病院 病院を 初め 公表 公表した。
In Fukui Prefecture, the Ministry of Health verified the treatment results of public and public hospital １４ 越 facilities of Wakasa Takahama hospital Takahama Takahama Takahama Takahama Takahama Takahama Takahama Takahama Takahama Takahama Takahama Takahama Takahama Takahama Takahama Takahama Takahama Takahama Takahama Takahama Takahama Takahama Takahama Takahama Takahama Takahama Takahama Takahama Takahama Takahama*.
⇒Reorganized target of ４ hospital " standards funny」
In order to reduce the cost of medical care, which is expanding due to the aging of society, it was necessary to promote the reorganization and integration of hospitals in competing areas.
１０ 月に 対象対 対象 病院に 再編 再編を 再編じた実 本格的的な検 要請を 要請 要請し、次の９ 月 ９ ９に 結論 再編に 再編 再編を 要請 要請し 、 次の９ 月を出て 結論出する。
There is no enforcement force, but local chiefs and residents are expected to face a backlash from fears that there will be no more hospitals nearby.
It was announced at a meeting on the same day.
Subject hospital hits the overall of the two・percent-１％, the number of beds is relatively small hospital was large.
By Prefecture, Niigata (７％), Hokkaido (４８・６％), Miyagi (４０・５％), Yamaguchi (７％), Okayama (７％), Okayama (３％), and so on.
The number of targets was the largest number in Hokkaido, and Okinawa was the only zero.
Ministry based on the data of the 2014 fiscal year, among public and public hospitals, for severe patients"advanced acute phase", to general surgery can correspond to the"acute phase"survey The １４５５５５ 病院 病院 病院 病院 病院。
And the medical record of the ９ item, such as cancer and emergency medicine, to analyze whether the competing hospital is not in the place of"２０ minutes in the car", it was judged the need for the hospital name announcement.
The target hospitals will be asked to consider the abolition and the transfer of some departments to other hospitals.
The cost of medical care will increase by a factor of ２５ a year, when all the baby boomers will be over the age of one.
For this reason, the ministry has a goal to reduce the number of beds in the hospital to １１ 万 床 床 床（１８ 年）１ 千 病院 全国 。 
At present, the number of beds of"advanced acute phase"and"acute phase"that require medical expenses by placing nurses handedly, while the elderly people for rehabilitation with high needs are in short supply.
In order to cope with the aging population, it is necessary not only to reduce the number of beds, but also to increase rehabilitation.
Regarding the reorganization and integration of hospitals, each prefecture has formulated a "regional medical plan" that defines the number of beds required in the year of the year (e.g., ２５).
Although the whole country is divided into the area of the vá９, and local governments and medical personnel are discussing it, many local residents and Chiefs maintain a cautious stance,and the discussion is difficult.
The Ministry of Health wants to stimulate debate by announcing the names of hospitals with poor results.
Komagatake eruption assumption, road and other disaster prevention comprehensive training residents participated in a wide area, around the age of 360(video): Hokkaido Shimbun Doshin electronic version
Komagatake (１１ メ ter) disaster prevention comprehensive training on the assumption of an eruption ９ 月２ ２７２ 日 日管管管管管 管内の 森 、 七飯飯、鹿飯飯飯町町町町町町町で実施された。
３０ Organization officials and residents etc approx.
Hokkaidō Komagatake Volcano Disaster Prevention Council has held its first evacuation plan since setting up an evacuation plan that included evacuation routes for residents in the ８ Mon.
Residents participate in wide-area training for the first time in a year (up to １８).
The assumption that the eruption Komagatake in the morning and at the time of the ８ ４５ ４５分 to the town of the mountain foot mud flow has reached.
When the eruption alert level is raised to the ５ (evacuation) forest, refuge is opened in nanihimachi, residents were moved by the bus and Road police vehicles that each town prepared.
10 million students protest against global warming during school holidays in Vancouver (everyone's economic newspaper network) - Yahoo!News
16・year-old environmental activist Greta Thunberg sympathized with about 10 million people around the city of Vancouver on 9/27, protests against climate change.
Climate protests in Vancouver
The march took place from Vancouver city hall across the Canvey bridge to the downtown library.
A few hours before the start of the meeting place, people with placards began to gather in front of the town hall, and at 13 o'clock the start time was enough to fill the road a few blocks before the city hall.
Since then, the number of participants has continued to grow, with more than 10 million people taking part.
On the road along the way, the police also cooperated with the road regulations, and watched over all the people for several hours until they finished walking.
In response to the UN Climate Action Summit in New York, Vancouver hosted a number of events from the end of last week to think about global warming.
On the 27th of the last day, the school carried out a strike called"Friday for the future (Fridays for Future)."
On this day, students who left the school and participated in it appealed to the adults who wanted to protect the earth even if they rested their precious things such as school, and many adults who took a break from work responded by saying that"we will also do our best for the future of children who are seriously learning and thinking."
Swine cholera vaccine recommended region ９ prefectural agricultural and water (Gifu Shimbun Web) - Yahoo!News
The Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries of Japan announced an amendment to the anti-polychromatic guidelines to prevent the spread of the livestock infectious disease"swine (Tonn) cholera", which enables the preventive vaccination of fed pigs, which is not currently accepted.
The target region, Gifu infection in pigs and wild boars have been confirmed, Aichi Prefecture etc. ９ prefectural policy to select.
The movement of vaccinated live pigs and fertilized eggs is restricted in the region, but the distribution of meat and processed products outside the region is permitted.
After such as public comment to the general (opinion public), as early as １０ month of the completion of the procedure aims.
By using vaccines and allowing the distribution of meat and other products outside the country, it is no longer a"clean country"that has been certified by international organizations, and it may affect the export of pork.
Since the birth of last month of９month, Japan has been in a state where the status of the clean country is temporarily pending.
In the revised proposal, the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and fisheries set up a"recommended area for vaccination"based on the opinions of experts on areas where there is a high risk of infection from Wild Boars to pigs.
The target Prefecture will create a"vaccination program" that summarizes the scope, timing, number of heads, and how to proceed, and it will be confirmed by the ministry, and the use will be permitted by the governor's decision.
The other seven prefectures listed as recommended areas are Saitama, Toyama, Ishikawa, Fukui, Nagano, Mie and Shiga.
When the guidelines are revised, the region will review the situation and decide again.
In principle, the transfer of inoculated pigs, semen, fertilized eggs, corpses, and excretions is restricted within the region.
In the case of meat and processed products, they are not subject to distribution restrictions and are not subject to the impact on farmers.
In order not to spread the virus, thorough processing of food waste.
He also complained about the safety of pigs that were vaccinated, and also tackled the Prevention of reputational damage.
The revised guidelines were summarized at a meeting of experts held on the same day and confirmed at a meeting of the anti-epidemic task force.
In the future, the opinion inquiry and public comment to the prefecture is carried out to １０ month ７ 日 日を 施行 施行し、enforce the new epidemic prevention guidelines。
Honda Keisuke of independents, open approach to Man U!
"Please offer.No money needed " (football channel) - Yahoo!News
9/28 (Sat) 2: 57pm
Former Japan midfielder Keisuke Honda, who left Melbourne Victory for the A・League in Australia last season, has taken a surprising turn.
[Video]Keisuke Honda, in fact was out to the game?
The truth will be revealed.
Honda, who updated his Twitter account on the 27th midnight of Japan time, said, " Please make an offer.We don't need money, but we need to play with great teams and great teammates,"he said.
Manchester United are the only team in the world to have sent a 'counter・offer'.
Why did Honda make a grand request to one of the Premier League's most powerful clubs?
The Australian version of"FOX Sports"is due to be released on July 24.
In the article entitled"5 strikers who could grab Manchester United in the crisis of the succession of injuries", 5 players who are currently available for acquisition were picked up.
Some of the players, such as Hatem Ben Arfa, Giuseppe Rossi and Wilfried Bony, were also named.
United are currently in a state of emergency, with injured players including midfielder Paul Pogba, defender Luke Shaw, defender Eric Bailly, striker Anthony Martial and striker Marcus Rashford.
The Red Devils, led by Ole Gunnar Sul schaarre, were 2-22 in the league and struggled to find a way forward.
So it was Honda that the Australian media named him as a candidate for a new force for promotion.
"The contract of Honda as a creative side player, not a striker strictly speaking, can fill the hole that Andreas Pereira is filling,"the article reads.
Melbourne Victory's 18-match winning streak of 9 goals is a " solid record,"but the 33-year-old Honda needs to get the full attention away from his entertainment to manage the national team.
It's not the first time this has happened.
For the veteran who professes to be a target for next year's Tokyo Olympics, attention is also on whether United will move.
Handset translation machine set up in Hamamatsu Chamber of Commerce, free lending to stores, etc.｜Shizuoka Shimbun @ ESU
Portable translation machine"poketalk" which is lending free of charge to stores in Hamamatsu City, etc.」
Hamamatsu Chamber of Commerce and industry has announced that it has completed the establishment of the ５００-based stand up paddle table in its store in Hamamatsu City in order to lend a portable translation machine called"poketalk"to its membership office on the day of 2002.
It is the first time in Japan to intensively deploy the translation machine in the same region, and it is attracting attention whether it will lead to improvement of the ability to respond to inbound (tourists to Japan).
The rental destination is ２２３６，【retail store】 【accommodation】 １７４。
The city occupies the mid-section of the sixth division.
The map app"Google map"also began to display the loan destination, so that the location of the"store of foreign language correspondence" can be seen on the smartphone.
It can be accessed from sites such as hamanako sightseeing area.
Free lending of poketalk corresponding to the English language was initiated in the fourth month of the initiative that received the declaration of"Japan's number one inbound city Hamamatsu"by the city９ group.
The Chamber of Commerce and industry purchases the equipment and lends it to small-and medium-sized business establishments that have fulfilled the requirements of obtaining the certification and the introduction of cashless settlement services for two years.
A representative of the Chamber of Commerce said,"We hope that this will lead to the development of new foreign customers in a challenging business environment."
Ikemura Kanyo naïk Dora master Ikemura is no 1 teapot?
Today's Caddy. best shot.
1W shots don't necessarily tee up and hit.
When you want to get away with hitting the par-5 2nd hole, you have to hit the ball on the ground.
The recent 1W-per-cent increase in head volume also puts the risk of the ball falling, but some players have been more active on the field.
It is kaniyo Ikemura who awaits the first victory of the tour.
The 7-year-old, who is 24 years old, is 166cm tall and short but currently in 7th place in the driving distance category (averaging 304.02 y).
While he excelled at long shots, one of the challenges was the accuracy of the fairways.
In the early spring, he said,"I thought that the shot of the spoon (3W) was bad, so I decided to try straight Dora."
From the practice round, he dropped the ball onto tierrier's turf,and sometimes he would swing 1W.
In the case where big carry is required, we use a lot of teapup, but both sides have effectively utilized straight Dora in such a narrow hall.
"You can use it in a hall where the eyes are falling down," he said.
The ballistic instrument records 270yd-280yd in carry.
"That'S why 3W is not needed.Caddy says he's more relieved than 3W ...  he said.
From the"Japan Tour Championship"on May 6, Wood in the Caddy bag only 1W.
The 2nd longest club is Loft 17 UT.
It's not the first time the pair have been spotted together on tour together.
The trick is to shake the club to the level (horizontally).
"Even if you blow down or hit it with an uppercut, it does not fly straight.It's a cut trajectory and goes right.Originally I was doing a straight Dora to correct the swing of the 1W shot (at the time of the teapot).The attack angle (the club's angle of incidence) will also be gradual in this practice."
The ball is not caught and there is a risk of a slice, but"so the left side can be turned off (it does not turn left)."
I can't tell you...It is a professional technique that comes up unexpectedly.
First ice at Mt. Norikura (Gifu Shimbun Web Site) - Yahoo!News
Norikura-Dake 畳平 of Crane applications in the pond this season for the first time observed ICE = 27 days Morning, Takayama - (Norikura skyline Management Office provides）
The ice was observed for the first time this season in the tsurugiguchi pond in the Northern Alps of Norikura・Dake (Gifu Prefecture, Takaoka-Shi, niukawacho-Cho, Shizuoka Prefecture).
４より４ 日 日 遅 遅 遅 遅く 、 過去在１０の平 平均より１ 日早早。
According to the Norikura skyline management office, around ６minutes per hour, officials patrolling the road confirmed the thickness of about two millimeters of ice on the west side of tsurugaike.
The weather at the time of observation was sunny and the temperature was three degrees.
According to the Gifu region meteorological observatory, the lowest temperature in the prefecture on this day was the Shi sogawa-Cho six stables of ９-５ degrees.
Let's experience the para-competition!
The official iwakiminpo website " caravan event in Onahama
２０ aiming to cultivate the momentum of the Tokyo Paralympic Games, "Tohoku ６ prefecture caravan event"challenge in Fukushima Prefecture" started on the 28th, Aeon Mall Iwaki-Onahama.
As a Paralympic competition, Boccia, wheelchair fencing, wheelchair basketball, goalball, track and field, there is a corner where you can experience the game of wheelchair rugby, and it is crowded with shoppers.
Challenge ６７ ７from 10 month, Tohoku region １カ所 in the prefecture have been held, in Fukushima Prefecture Aeon Mall Iwaki Onahama has become a venue.
The Paralympic Games are still less well-known than the Olympics, but through the challenge six, the same experience as the Paralympic athletes, the aim is to get a lot of people to understand.
The venue, dressed in a yellow outfit, shouted " Getz!" "It's been a long time since I've been here," he said.
Comedian Maggie Gyllenhaal arrives at the premiere of her new comedy series, "The People v. O. J. Simpson: American Crime Story," on April 29.
Until April 29.
Hours: 10am-５pm.
Children's play facility and minamunahara small, construction outline determined Yamagata city/Yamagata Shimbun
On the 26th, the Standing Committee of the city council explained the outline of the facility.
Image illustration of a new children's play facility in Kataya, Yamagata city
The children's play facility is planned to be built in the Yamagata nine middle north side of katatani area, and the site area is about 234,00 square meters.
The building is a steel-frame flat and the floor area is about 3 thousand square meters.
It has a semi-underground gymnasium, café, and book corner.
It also has 300 parking spaces, with Universal-designed playground equipment that allows children with disabilities to play outdoors.
On the 5th of this month, a review committee was held at the city hall, and the shelter group (Yamagata city), which is made up of 13 companies, won a successful bid of 15 million yen, including design, preparation of opening, and 15 years of maintenance and operation costs of 305 million yen.
It will be designed and built from 1 January next year and will open in 2022 on 3 February.
Image of minamunahara elementary school building
Minamunahara elementary school is a large school with more than 900 children.
It is planned to be constructed on the north side of the school building in Iizawa, the city, and the site area is approximately 22,500 square meters.
Reinforced concrete 3 floors with a floor area of about 8580 square meters.
The number of classrooms is 30, with two pools, a steel-framed gymnasium and an after-school children's club.
At the examination committee on the 6th of this month, Ichimura construction group (Yamagata city), which consists of 8 companies, made a successful bid for 15 years of maintenance and operation costs, including design, demolition, and maintenance costs of the old school building, at 4.512 million yen.
It is planned to be completed in 12 months, and is scheduled to be completed in 22 years and 10 months.
This time, it's love ... "Araki Yuko & Kengo Kara starring Fuji series Dora"motokaremania" starring decision (Sports Hochi) - Yahoo!News
Actress Shuri (２９) was decided to appear in Yuko Shinki (２５) and Kengo Takara (３１) starring in the Fuji Television Series new drama"motokaremania" (１０ １９８後時).
Shuri plays Hamano's colleague, Chizuru Kaga, a major food manufacturer played by Satoshi Yamashita (Sophia).
Chizuru, the original character in the original drama, is not interested in getting married,and is determined that marriage is a means to avoid financial problems.
It appeared in Yamashita there.
I witnessed the beauty of the future and the way of eating rice, which has never been seen from Hokkaido to the Tokyo headquarters, and I was approached as " just the right marriage partner."
Chizuru seems to have strong mental skills, but in fact, he is weak like tofu.
In order to lay the love strategy for not hurt, it is agitated violently if things do not carry as expected.
Chizuru who lives with bravado meets Yurika and Yamashita, played by Yuko Shinki, and the way of change is depicted.
NHK continuous TV novel "and and sister Chan" (1-20 year, month, month, month) and, TBS series "Black pair" (Jsus year, month, month) (Jsus year, month, month), such as, Shuri has appeared in a number of topic works to appear in the Fuji system terrestrial drama, this time is the first.
"I hope that this time (love) will be fulfilled (laughs) because there are many roles in which love does not bear fruit for some reason.I would like to enjoy playing Chizuru Kaga, " and "I am looking forward to creating this world of"Moto karemania"with all the cast members and staff who are full of personality and charm.I am glad to be a drama that every Thursday is a time to look forward to, " he wrote in a message to viewers.
It was also decided that Kudo Okura (１７ １７人) (平鶴) would perform Chizuru's Junior new employee, Bou Hattori.
Okura, the youngest of the regular cast, is a fresh, young performer.
GQ MEN's 10-Day9 "fellow and skateboard" (GQ JAPAN) - Yahoo!News
Move means skateboarding exclusively!
I am addicted to being invited to a friend and starting to slide.
I'm still a beginner, but I feel good when I push through the asphalt.
It's a great way to get your hands on some of the best things in the world.
If you're wearing shorts, you can feel the wind directly.
It's not just the legs, it's the converse skate shoes.
I check the magazine and Insta frequently because the fashion and culture around the skateboard is also cool!
She also went to a salon run by a skater's hairdresser in yutenji.
I'm excited to be able to tell you about all kinds of tricks I haven't been able to do yet, and about skateboarding.
It is our daily routine to take a walk around the city with friends after school.
Worn round item beanie 1 million yen〈ANDERSEN-ANDERSEN/maiden company TEL03-5410-9777〉 best 23,000 yen〈FILSON/outer limitets TEL03-5413-6957〉 - tops 1 million 2000 yen〈PRE_ / wiginink03-5791-1501-shorts 6800yen / hipper! Standard TEL03-3464-2109〉 - socks 1800 yen〈CHICSTOCKS / no design TEL03-6677-6030 1-sneaker 1 million 2000 yen Conver CONVERSE SKATEBOARDING/Converse information store TEL0120-819-217〉
３ ministerial consultation to meet with Hansen's disease family｜Shizuoka Shimbun at Es
Katsuobu Kato Minister of Health, Labor and welfare in the Cabinet kokkai later reporters Conference, family of leprosy former patients and etc. １０ 月 ２ ２ ２２ 日に 面会すると 明明した。
It also announced that it would hold consultations with the Ministry of Health, Education, Culture, Sports, Science and technology and the Ministry of justice on the same day to resolve discrimination and prejudice against former patients and their families.
Mr. Kato said,"I would like to listen to the voices of my family and do my best to solve the problem."
For the former patient's family, the Kumamoto District Court ordered the country to pay about ５３１ million yen to the plaintiff ５０ ． 
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe announced the appeal and the verdict was finalized.
In addition, the government said that it would work on such activities as compensation measures and Human Rights Awareness.
Chance to male model aspirant!
Participated in 35 modeling agency professional & model agency"model special audition 2019" (debut)・Yahoo!News
Among the participating companies, not only the model like Narita Ryo, there are also a number of belonging offices of male models who demonstrate their talents to multi such as actors.
[Photo] SOS model agency affiliation: Kenji Taniguchi
In the magazine "MEN'S NON-NO" (Shueisha) exclusive model, movie "human disqualification" (in the public) appearance and, movie " katsuben!" "(Scheduled to be released on 12/13) "Sony Music artist" to belong to Rin Narita, who is also highly regarded as an actor, such as acting.
While serving as an advertising model for Yohji Yamamoto groundy/s'yte, he is a"SOS model agency"belonging to the movie"Kamen Rider Amazons"Amazon Alfa / Takayama Hitoshi, the stage"Joker Game Game" starring Lieutenant Colonel Yuki.
Stage "Touken Ranbu" 慈 伝-day and day of the leaves scatter ~ Jiro sword role, hyper projection play " Haikyu ! ! "Genesu" belonging to the series Tsukishima Firefly role and Kosaka Ryotaro whose activity in the 2.5-dimensional stage is remarkable.
He is a model at Amazon Fashon Week and fashion magazine editorial, and recently UNIQLO, NIKE, adidas and so on.  he said.
Wego, koropura, LINEB612, TikTok, Johnson & Johnson, and other CM"prestige" belonging to HIROTO, Sanken pharmaceutical"Sun medical"CM, as well as the stage"gentle devil", "autumn town Twilight", " Marigold ~ belonging to despair flower ~ "of EON Ryu's creation Japan Agency.
He has appeared in many women's magazines, including men's fashion magazines such as "POPEYE " and"Smart".
A number of model agencies have participated, including the lookbook of domestic and foreign brands, and HAYASE's"Barquin style", which is widely active in advertising.
Akutagawa to premiere manuscript written before suicide literary theory of weakness and tragic/Shizuoka Shinbun at ESU
Manuscript written by Ryunosuke Akutagawa to be exhibited for the first time at the Tabata Bunji-Mura Memorial Museum
Ryunosuke Akutagawa (１９８～１９７９７), a writer, published a manuscript of an essay"Zoku Bunko-like, too Bunko-like"published in the last year when he fought Tanizaki Jun'ichiro Tanigaki and his literary theory, and the mukaikura Museum of Fine Arts, Fukuoka, Kitakyushu, Kita-ku, Japan.
１０ to exhibit at the same museum from the month １ 日。
It is said that the existence of an essay was known, such as being included in a complete collection, but it is said that it was the first time that a manuscript written by him was published to the public.
It is thought that Akutagawa wrote the book a few months before his suicide, and Tadashi tanei, a research fellow at the Memorial Hall, said,"it is possible to see that Akutagawa, who was weak both physically and mentally, confronted with literary challenges with his grim determination."
２００ 詰めの稿稿用紙用紙２２ 枚めの 随筆は 、 " ２７芸芸秋秋 ２７ "２７ ４ ４ ４ ４の４ 月号に 掲載 掲載された 。 
Greta Thunberg questioned on Twitter: "Why do adults ridicule and threaten children?"
Greta toonberg, a Swedish Environmental activist who gave a speech on 9/23 at the UN Climate Action Summit in New York.
While the speech has gained attention, there have been reports of people insulting Greta.
Greta Thunberg: why adults ridicule and threaten children」
A political commentator has described Greta on an American TV show as"mentally ill.""It's used by parents and international leftists," he said.
On the internet in Japan, a lot of comments have been made about Greta's comments, such as"it's nice to be used, "" it's better to go to school,"and" it's not what Greta says."
9-26, Greta posted on her own Twitter, " Why do adults use the time to ridicule and threaten 10-something young people and children?"
"I'm going to come up with a whole range of lies and conspiracy theories," he said.」
"It started again," Greta said.As you may have noticed, those who dislike me are still active.My looks, my clothes, my attitude, and where I am different from people, chasing me around.They come up with a whole range of lies and conspiracy theories,"he began the post.
And he pointed out that adults seem to be shifting the talking points because they don't want to talk about climate and environmental crises.
Honestly, I don't understand why adults use the time to ridicule and threaten 10-year-olds and children.
In that time you would be able to do another good.
I think they feel threatened by US.
But don't waste your time on paying attention to them any more.
The world is starting to wake up.
Change is coming.
Adults love the change, even if they don't like it.
See you on the streets on Friday!
The previous Friday, July 20, there were climate-related strikes in New York and elsewhere around the world.
Greta also called for Friday, April 27.
HuffPost Japan Edition editorial department
[Program Council] Akita TV (Sankei Shimbun) - Yahoo!News
Akita TV of the fourth broadcasting program Council (畠畠 清 清 会長 会長 会長 会長 会長 会長 審議会) is opened, ８ かに１ １６ 日送の"editors・cooking of the pro・famous person recommended!We discussed the "really delicious Akita Curry".
The program introduced each of the ichi-Shi curry shop, the point to enjoy the taste of the professional at home, and the secret story of the birth of the retort Curry of attention.
"It's simple, the concept and the theme is clear," he said.While there were some comments such as "Curry bread was available," "I was able to see it from a different point of view from the gourmet site", "there was a long reenactment of the drama "and"I wanted one point advice for making a professional Curry."
Ryuya Hoshino"rough turf eyes became a different study" taking advantage of the experience to aim for the Gold King in the reversal(Golf Network) - Yahoo!News
On the 22nd day of the Japan-Korea Asian Tour co-host"shinhandong Hae-open", the final round was held at the Bear's Best Cheongna Golf Club in South Korea (7238 yards par 71), and Rikiya Hoshino finished with 1・for-eagle, 2-for-birdie, 1-for-bogey, and 68-for the Japan Top 9-under.
[Video] coming to Japan!
Garcia's wedge shot
I was able to stretch a little in the first half, so I thought I could go with that momentum in the second half.
Did you see that eagle at the 6th and birdie at the 7th?
After hitting a bogey on the par-4 par-5 fourth hole, the eagle at the par-6 Seventh came to a close.
Even at the 7th, I was able to get a birdie and get a chance, but I was disappointed that I couldn't extend it in the second half.
- What did you get in this tournament?
It was good that the fairway was able to keep firmly even in the narrow course because the (shot) was not good recently.
Rough and reverse eye was also a course that comes also change the distance how to strike in pieces, so it became quite study because there was not much (experience).
- What's the difference from the usual tournament?
It is a place where it was possible to take a camera (such as a smartphone).
I did not mind at all, but I was taking videos for those of the gallery.
There was not much change other than that, but it was just a tournament with few Japanese players, so I came to the game with the feeling that"I will not lose to foreign players."
We will continue in the second half of the tournament, but if we don't win more than 1 wins, we will not be able to aim for the prize money king, so we want to win another 1, and since there is a ZOZO championship in the near future, we will try to get into the top of the competition so far and win the qualification.
We are a family owned and operated business.
Interview / statement / Yoh Watanabe）
It is a medicine of dementia that major pharmaceutical companies and University Hospitals are frustrated by the challenge to research and development.
However, the relationship between dementia and lifestyle habits is being elucidated, and it seems that there is a possibility that it can be kept to a very mild degree, forgetfulness.
Shunsuke Otsuki, professor, Stroke Center, Kinki University Hospital.
Dementia doesn't go away.
 If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us at <url>.
If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us and we will be happy to help.
However, it is believed that it will still take more than 20 years for new dementia drugs to be developed.
Donepezil, which is commonly used in Japan, is already out of insurance coverage in some overseas countries, and it is not expected to have a noticeable curative effect.
On the other hand, deaths from infectious diseases and accidents have decreased, and cancer deaths have also decreased due to the remarkable progress in the treatment of anticancer drugs, etc., so that people can live longer.
Therefore, it is a fact that the number of patients with dementia is increasing.
It is not something that can be solved only by the person or the family, it is necessary to prepare an environment that can live with peace of mind in the community as a whole society.
How to keep to the degree of "forgetfulness"
 If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us.
If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us at <url> and we will be happy to answer any questions you may have.
If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us at <url>.
First, people with metabolic syndrome tend to be more prone to dementia.
It is the first time we have been able to find a way to make this happen.
It is a combination of obesity, high blood pressure, diabetes and hypercholesterolemia.
The presence or absence of economic power also affects.
For example, in the United States, there is a region that distributes food tickets to the poor, but the food ticket can be received is a frozen hamburger or pizza or chicken that can be stored.
People who live in an environment where neither gas nor electricity can be used and cannot cook in the first place can use it.
If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use the site.
Eventually, the poor will become obese,and they will have no choice but to watch TV and become disabled.
A similar situation could be in Japan.
Other people who do not think about things and do not work also tend to be prone to dementia.
In other words, in order to prevent dementia, it is necessary to think about things by reading a book on a daily basis that does not become a metabolic disorder.
Okayama tourism and specialty products PR Bicchu Marche mitsukaudo VR also appeared in Osaka: Sanyo Shimbun digital/Mr. digital
"Okayamare no Kuni Bicchu Marche" (Sponsored by prefectural Bicchu prefectural civil Bureau, etc.), which pr tourist spots and special products of the Bicchu area, began in the square of JR Osaka Station on the２ 日間 day schedule.
Earlier this month, the city of shinmi, which was hit by heavy rain, set up a VR (virtual reality) experience corner in mankido to sell its charm to people in the Kansai area.
The participants included seven cities: Kurashiki, Kasaoka, Ihara, Soja, shinmi, asagaki and yagake.
There were corners such as Uchiwa-tsukuri (Uchiwa-Maki making of masking tape) (in Kurashiki city), denim keychains (in Ihara city), and kaleidoscopes (in asaguchi city) named after telescopes of the astronomical observatory,and the station users stopped by.
In the VR experience of manky cave, visitors used their own goggles to simulate a walk in the cave.
Woman in Itami city, Itami, Hyogo...........If you have the opportunity, I'd like to experience a real Manchurian cave,"he said.
Genzaru khi, the younger brother of benkhi no Fuji of reflection to blame / Shizuoka Shimbun at Es
"I firmly accept that my twin brother, Genji makuuchi, who was forced to retire voluntarily by the Japan Sumo Association due to an assault on a human sumo wrestler in a Grand Sumo Tournament, was punished for an act that deviated from the scope of his instruction on the day of his ¥ 182.From the place is not zero, start from a negative", said the valve of reflection.
He was interviewed at the Ryogoku Kokugikan in Tokyo, where he participated in the flower Sumo Tournament.
He said: "I think it would be a good idea for the government to do something about it.
Minamoto no kami informed the press about the meeting, and advised that it was better to stop it, but he could not be contacted after that.
"I grew up in the same environment, but my brother and I have different ways of thinking," he said.
Jaguar F-PACE to the first significant improvements...The possibility of hybridization also(Response) - Yahoo!News
Jaguar's first crossover SUV, the F-PACE (F-Pace) improved new prototype, was caught on camera for the first time in southern Europe.
The F-PACE was first unveiled in 2013 in a 4-seater concept SUV called the C-X17.
In 2014, the 5-seater version was released, and it officially debuted as "F-PACE" at the 2015 Frankfurt Motor Show.
In 2016, the first ever face-lift was launched.
The prototype is covered in thick camouflage, but part of the new design can be seen.
The headlights are designed more compact and thinner, and the side air intakes seem to have been modified into a sporty oval shape.
The grill is completely camouflaged, but it will definitely be redesigned.
At the rear end, you can see some of the revamped taillights, which feature elongated reverse lights at the top.
It is likely that the design that goes around to the side as in the current model is also modified in a compact way.
Inside the cabin, the company's"Pivi Pro" touchscreen infotainment system is expected to be installed, and new digital clusters, HVAC control screens, steering wheels and gear selector will be refreshed.
The powertrain is expected to include a 2.0-liter inline 4-cylinder turbodiesel as well as a hybrid 3.0-liter inline 6-cylinder indinium.
The world premiere is likely to be in 2020.
Surge in sales in nuclear-related construction company to the former assistant minister ３ billion yen / Shizuoka Shimbun at ESU
Kansai Electric Power Co., Inc. ２７ 午後 p.m., Osaka city (jointly operated by the Ministry of Economy, Trade and industry）
It was found that the local construction company, which provided about ３ billion yen to Mr. Moriyama, received orders for the nuclear-related construction work, had significantly increased its sales in the past few years due to the problem of receiving money from Mr. Eiji Moriyama, a former assistant of Takahama-Cho in Fukui Prefecture where the Takahama nuclear power plant is located (153 this year, he died at the age of thirteen).
The construction company was founded in １９８１.
According to the credit research company, the turnover of the Temuri year ８ 期 期は３ billion ５ ５であったが 、 １５ 年８ 月 ８ 期は１０ 億 billion 超を 超え 、 １８ ８ ８ 月 月 期には２ billion 円 円 円を上回った。
The construction related to the nuclear power plant of Kent occupied much of the business.
Man arrested on suspicion of threatening to 'kill' driver in Kagoshima City (KTS Kagoshima TV) - Yahoo!News
This month, a Tanka-aged unemployed man was arrested on suspicion of threatening to"kill"a man who was driving a car while driving on a national highway in Kagoshima City.
Takashi Miyahara (3rd), an unemployed citizen of karominato ４-Chome, Kagoshima City, was arrested on suspicion of intimidation.
According to the police, Miyahara suspect this month was too much for him to follow the motorway in Kagoshima City, where a man drove a motor vehicle with a blood thinker and then threatened the man with the phrase"I will kill you"at the intersection.
About ２５ 日 午後 afternoon, Miyahara suspect"in the television and the SNS, the video of the driving became scary"and accompanied by a friend, went to the police station, was arrested.
Miyahara said that the suspect had admitted the charge and that he was"forced to brake" on the motive.
Police are investigating the suspicion that Miyahara suspect was driving without a license.
NEWS-Keiichiro Koyama's 1 day meal contents open!
TOKYO TOKYO MX "Keiichiro Koyama's healthy person of BORDER30" ＞(the television) - Yahoo!News
9/27 (Friday) 、 NEWS of new health promotion variety Keiichiro Koyama serves MC "border 30 healthy person of Keiichiro Koyama ~ health diversion leading by specialists~" (TOKYO MX) of the 3rd broadcast。
A comment from Koyama who finished recording also arrived.
[See the image】
In order to be healthy in the future, it is important to spend time in your 30s...About health Keiichiro Koyama learn!
Koyama, 35, began to worry about his own health, and he learned what he wanted to know about health.
The show will feature specialists from various fields, answering questions from Koyama and guests.
This time the theme is"vitamin".
"I think it's a good thing that we're going to be able to do that," he said.
In addition, Koyama who is taking care of Health on a regular basis, also plans to publish the contents of the diet of 1 day in order to ascertain whether the vitamin is enough.
After this recording, Koyama said, " I think that there are many people who do not understand how vitamins are related to their health, and I hope that I can eliminate the misunderstanding that I have about vitamins in this program, that it is useless to take only a specific vitamin!" "I think it's a good idea," he said.
Nagai・elementary school students who got the power to Mr. saligo worked as a pacemaker in the track and field, ３ people have updated the tournament record/Yamagata Shimbun
The girls run for the Senate.
On the left, Mr. Joseph onsarrigo of the pacemaker, Nagai city, Koyo Seiki athlete field Nagai
Nagai City Elementary School goodwill athletics competition was held on the 26th at Koyo Seiki athlete field Nagai (municipal track and Field Stadium) in the same city, and in some races, long-distance runner from NASU construction (the same city), Joseph Onsarigo (27), from Kenya, was a pacemaker.
He set a new 3-man tournament record with a light run.
Onsarigo pulled his children out of the men's 1000m and women's 800m 4 races.
Tomoyuki Koseki, the No. 1 male player, was 3 ' 4 '38, Tomoyuki Hirano, the No. 1 female player, and Lala shiker, the No. 1 female player, was 2' 34, 17, and Rin Asano (No. 2, No. 2) and No. 2 (No. 6, No. 2, No. 2, No. 35, No. 73, respectively).
Koseki: "it was tough to keep up with fast Onsarigo players, but I was able to put up with it", Shikama said, "Onsarigo told me to "pace up"."
"It was a good run for the kids," Onsarigo said.I've done a fantastic job,"he said.
The event was organized by the Nagai Elementary School Athletic Promotion Association and other organizations to encourage 6th graders in the city to deepen friendship, and the 39th.
Toshiyuki Nishida,"I turned red and white three times"(Sports Bulletin) - Yahoo!News
Actors Hidetoshi Nishijima (４８ ４８ ４８), Toshiyuki Nishida (７５), Akira Nakao (７１彬彬) and Akira Nakamura (７１ ２７ っ 学園 学園) performed the opening day of the movie"yakujo Gakuen" (原作侠 学園 学園 原作 原作 原作 原作, directed by Toshiaki Imano) at the Tokyo Toho Cinemas Shinjuku.
It's a world-class comedy with a strong cast.
Nishida not only appeared, but also presented the arrangement version of"to meet the day again"as an insertion song with the Tokyo Sky Paradise orchestra.
Nakao said,"the most disappointing thing about watching the movie was that Nishida was singing."
As Nishida boasts, "I have been out three times in the past "Kohaku".I want you to say that I would rather be an actor than a singer.(Nakao) is at a different level, " he said.
He then promised to show off his new song " when the movie is full."
Cutting-edge art to the other world Okayama Art Exchange opens in the city center: Sanyo Shimbun digital / Mr. digital
３ people who go around the classroom that became the stage of video works depicting the future after a thousand years = former Uchiyama elementary school
Okayama City Center on the stage every year international art exhibition held every year "Okayama Arts a few ００２０" (city, prefecture and so on organizing committee )２２７、kicked off.
Along the enigmatic title"if the snake if the snake", the leading-edge art worked by an artist of ９ カ 国 １８ １00xi, art fans in and out of Japan and abroad are enjoying.
This time, which will be the second time following the detached year, the French artist Pierre Huyghe will be invited as artistic director to develop works that take advantage of Okayama's climate and local resources.
The former uchiyamashita elementary school (Marunouchi, Kita-ku, Okayama City) and the prefectural tenjinzan Cultural Plaza (Tenjin-Cho, Tenjin-Cho) are about ４０ points such as videos and three-dimensional works at the １３ place.
Prior to the opening ceremony, about a hundred people attended the opening ceremony.
Masao Omori, the mayor of the executive committee, and Yasuharu Ishikawa, the general producer, said, " there are a lot of works that stimulate intellectual sensibility and stimulate imagination and creativity.He said:"I think it would be a good idea if it would become an exhibition that attracts attention from all over the world."
Families and schoolchildren who came to the school immediately saw a snake-shaped robot that reacted to the sound of the surroundings in the playing field of the schoolyard and went around the school building, which was transformed into a stage for video works depicting the world after three thousand years.
I was enjoying the art of being in a different world.
Tokyo High School student (１５) who is traveling with his father said,"I am interested in a work that takes advantage of the atmosphere of the old school building.I can imagine the time that flowed into this place, " he said.
１１ Mon to the day, closed Mondays (the next day in the case of a public holiday).
Hong Kong, Umbrella Movement in the ５ 集会 rally tens of thousands of people, aiming for a general election/Shizuoka Shimbun at Es
"Umbrella Movement"from the occurrence 5 years,meeting the people who gathered at the venue=28 days,Hong Kong(joint）
【Hong Kong joint】Hong Kong Chief Executive election of democratization sought for the 2014 large-scale demonstration"Umbrella Movement"from the occurrence 5 years of 28 days,protesters of the largest bases there was the Admiral (the Admiralty)of the Hong Kong government headquarters building in the Park nearby,tens of thousands of people gathering.
In the area around the venue, some young people occupied the main road and threw Molotov cocktails at government buildings.
As the protests continued, the participants renewed their determination to fight until a"real normal election"was realized, which they could not win at the time.
６ the protests that began in earnest in January were the day of the Umbrella Movement, and the demands of the protesters extended to the"five demands"such as reforming the electoral system.
Act Ibaraki Kokutai Kyo 28 days / sports / saga Shimbun news/saga Shimbun LiVE
１９回国 体育 体育 体育 体育 大会化 大会 大会 ２０ ２０ ２０ ２０ ２０ ２０ ２０ ２０ ２０ "１９１９ ２０ ２０ ２０ ２０ ２０ ２０ ２０ ２０ ２０ "１９ ２８ ２０ ２０ ２０ ２０ ２０ ２０ ２０ ２０ "１９ ２８ ２０ ２０ ２０ ２０ ２０ ２０ ２０ ２０ ２０ "１９ ２８ ２０ ２０ ２０ ２０ ２０ ２０ "１９ ２０ ２０ ２０ ２０ ２０ ２０ ２０ "１９ ２８ ２０ ２０ ２０ ２０ ２０ ２０ ２０ ２０ "１９ ２８ ２０ ２０ ２０ ２０ ２０ ２０ ２０ ２０"２０ ２８ ２０ ２０ ２０ ２０ ２０ ８ ８ ８ ８"２０
The Saga Prefecture team will compete in the TPI competition except for the pre-season run, and the coach will compete for the national championship with the pride of his hometown.
The prefecture had been stagnant for three consecutive years until the year before last, but last year it emerged up to the T3 rank.
２０２３ 年内で開 開される 国民態 国民 国民ｓｐｓスポー ツ 大会に向かって 強化化も 進 進でおり 、 this year targets the ２０ 位位前前 半を目に 掲ており 。 
In the pre-conference competition that took place in the １６ 日までに 行期された 、 新体 少年 少年 女子の 佐賀 佐賀 女子と 、 成 体操の成年 女子 女子 女子と 少年 女子 女子がいずれも ６位 入賞 入賞を果て 弾めて 弾みを付 付した。
I want to aim to advance to the top on the flow of each competition.
At the opening ceremony, the prefectural players, the head coach and the head office Officer Taikan Taito attended the 666-th March,and the flag bearer of rugby boy boy, Ishikawa sorang (saga kougaka), served as the flag bearer.
On the first day, three competitions of Wrestling, Table Tennis and karate will be held.
