"Nana Suzuki, the second highest-ranked woman who dislikes me, confesses an episode of misunderstanding (The Television) - Yahoo News".
On September 30, Nana Suzuki climbed the stage as "Kojiri-sensei" (Monday's midnight, 0:20-0, TV Asahi series).
It is an unreleased studio recording of the episode.
Do you want to see the whole studio?
Nana Suzuki, we're demonstrating too rude body touch.
It is also available on AbemaTV's "Abema Video" at midnight, shortly after the terrestrial broadcast.
In this episode, Suzuki appears as a teacher who was hated by the public when he tried his best to do so.
In 2007, Suzuki made her model debut in Gal magazine at the age of 18.
Since her first appearance on television in 2011, she has been active in high-temperature talk and overreaction.
This year, Suzuki won first place in the "Barahiti and Other" category of the "Hateful Woman Ranking" published in a weekly magazine.
In addition, it is said that he was ranked second in the entertainment industry.
As a result, Suzuki reveals that her mother is shocked and that her husband is also embarrassed by her family.
In the series, she learns how to get to the top of the "Hateful Women's Ranking" and looks back on Suzuki's steps as a talented person.
As a result, all of Suzuki's overpowering talk and reaction came from one of his senior entertainers.
In addition, Suzuki gradually escalated his extremism by adding "all-power body touch" and "all-power lower story".
In the past, Suzuki performed a body touch with a large-scale co-actor, but the studio was shocked by his disrespect.
In addition, the school offers full-time and full-time courses in radio and radio.
The "private secret" of Suzuki's "Galther" is also revealed to be a nudity to raise the laugh episodes and scenes of the period.
In addition, the city of Setouchi adds its own 'electronic commodity ticket' to the reply item by paying Furusato tax: Sanyo Shinbun Digital
"Electronic Gift".
We'll have to contact the device and pay for it.
On the 27th, the city of Setouchi announced that it would add its own electronic commodity ticket, 'e-street gift,' to the return of the Furusato tax.
It is open to the public in November.
It was the first time in the province that a municipality was established.
If the taxpayer is able to pay a tax and select an electronic commodity ticket as a repayment, 30% of the donation is sent to a specified smartphone.
In the event of a buyer's purchase, the buyer will have to pay for the purchase of the item, and the buyer will have to pay for the item.
It cannot be sold or sold.
The receiver usually takes a certain amount of time from the application to the arrival, but the electronic ticket can be received instantaneously.
It is easily accessible to tourists.
It is also available on the city's five tax-paying portals and on the city's two special sites.
The company currently operates 13 stores, with a total of 100 stores by the end of the year.
In June, in an attempt to prevent excessive competition between the municipalities, the Ministry of Internal Affairs established a new system to limit the amount of local products to less than 30% of the amount of donations.
The city has stated that it is "in the guidelines of guidelines that deal with local products and other businesses."
In the United States, the tax rate in the United States is approximately $430 million.
Japan and Japan did not advance to the final of the 100 men's event, and the second day of the World Championships in Athletics.
The men's 100 metres semi-final begins at Sunnybrown Haquim (left).
"I couldn't get to the final - Doha".
The men's 100 metres semi-final was won by Shohu Kiryu (left).
On the 28th day of the World Championships in Athletics, the men's 100 m semi-final was held in Doha, and Sanibrown Haquim, Suketaka KOIKE and Shohide KIRYU (Japan Life) did not advance to the finals for the first time.
The Japanese record holder Sani Braun had five sets in 10.15 seconds, Koike had two sets in 10.28 seconds, and Kirio had three sets in 10.16 seconds.
In the men's 400 metres hurdles semi-final, Takaharu Abe (Yamada Electric) in the three sets finished with a time of 48.97 seconds and Masaki Toyota (Hodai) in the two sets finished with a time of 50.30 seconds.
It's dangerous to drive in high heels!
"Auto Messe Web - Yahoo! News".
Violation of the Road Traffic Act
It is a big mistake to think that it's only a problem for elderly drivers, although the number of reported accidents caused by mismanagement, such as pedals, has increased.
According to the 2015 Census, there were 1,080 cases of pedal foot failure in the United States under the age of 24, outnumbering 1,032 cases of pedal foot failure over the age of 75.
It is important to call attention to young people in the same way, not to the elderly.
Do you want me to take a look at your feet?
You want to be safe?
There is no description of the gender ratio or cause of this data, but unlike older people who are often considered to be due to the decline of their body, such as driving skills, reflex nerves, and so on, young people may be worried about other things such as music, conversation, and misstep due to the fact that they are wearing clothes.
In particular, women choose high heels, pampus, sandals, and mules, as well as a variety of shoes that day and drive them.
Although some people know that it is not suitable for driving, it is difficult to change clothes, but many people don't think it's a danger at all, and drive without care.
However, driving in high heels and sandals violates the Road Traffic Act.
One is to "restrict the operation of the wheel, brakes, and other operations" and the other is a violation of the "security obligation to drive" (Article 70), which states that "the driver must not drive to cause an accident and cause harm to the person."
For example, in Article 12 of the provisions of the Miyazaki Prefectural Road Traffic Act, the driver must comply with the regulations of the Prefectural Public Safety Commission, and there is a sentence: "Do not wear a vehicle (except a light vehicle) by wearing a footwear that may prevent the operation of the vehicle from being operated by slippers, hookers, high heels, or so on."
The purpose of each prefecture is to regard the operation of the operation as a violation of 'ordinary footwear that might interfere with the operation of the operation' even though it is not specified as a high heel.
Why is it dangerous to drive in high heels?
It is clear to think of the basic principles of safe pedal operation.
For safety pedal operations, the feet are fixed to the floor, and the feet are placed to vertical against the brake pedal, and when stepping on the axel pedal, the feet are tilted to the right.
In this case, it is important to keep the car firmly fixed so that it doesn't break.
However, in high heels, the surface area of the capsule is small and always blends with the grapes, and because of the height of the heels, the angle of the foot is attached to the whole of the foot, the area of the foot to which the pedals are grounded is also small, making it difficult to adjust to the floor.
This can lead to danger.
Most cars also have a floor carpet, but this material can easily be caught with a high heel, and when the heel is caught by a fast brake, the pedal cannot be stepped, or the heel must be stepped off to the heel, and the pedal can be stuck in the back of the pedal.
There are also cases where the heel fell behind the pedal and the axel pedal stopped returning.
Toyota, Subaru, Inc., Inc., Inc., Inc., Inc., Inc., Inc., New AWD cars and 86/BRZ second generation models, Inc., Inc., Inc., Inc., Yahoo News.
On September 27, 2013, Toyota and Subaru agreed to a new business-capital partnership.
Toyota also acquires additional shares of Subaru, and makes it a related company for the equity law.
Since 2005, the two companies have collaborated on a number of projects, including Toyota's acquisition of Toyota, Toyota's supply of cars from Toyota to Subaru, and the joint development of the FR Sports Car 86 and BRZ.
In June of that year, the company also agreed to develop an EV-specific platform and an EV-specific vehicle, utilizing Svalu's AWD (all-wheel drive) technology and Toyota's electrification technology.
In an agreement with the company, Toyota will acquire additional shares in the company.
Toyota's shareholder, Subaru, holds 16.83% of the vote, until it reaches 20%.
The company is a subsidiary of Toyota Corporation.
On the other hand, Svalu acquires Toyota shares, which are equivalent to the amount required for the acquisition of Svalu shares (up to 8 billion yen).
The two companies developed and strengthened their partnerships through their business capital partnerships.
The AWD and 86/BRZ variants are jointly developed, the expansion of the Toyota hybrid system to the Subaru, the cooperation in the connective area, and the technical cooperation in the automotive sector.
In the United States, the minimum number of refugees is 18,000 for three consecutive years, according to the Shizuoka Shimbun Attes.
The U.S. Department of State announced on 26 October that it would reduce the number of refugees from all over the world to 18,000 in fiscal year 2020.
The minimum number of refugees has been up for three consecutive years since the passage of the Refugee Act in 1980.
The Trump administration aims to appeal strict immigration and refugee policies to the security forces following the next presidential election.
It is necessary to criticize human rights groups and other human rights organizations while people are constantly being driven out of the country.
The pre-Obama administration set the limit for the 17-year limit to 110,000, but the Trump administration overturned it in January 17 and reduced it to 50,000.
In 18 years, the population has decreased to 45,000, and in 19 years it has decreased to 30,000.
The Department of Health and Human Services and the Department of Health and Human Resources (DHHS) and the Department of Health and Human Resources (DHHS) are responsible for improving the quality of healthcare in the United States.
The Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare confirmed that there were no similar cases in prefectures and government-regulated cities across the country, and issued a document to instruct them in accordance with their needs, saying that the amount of fees paid for by the national subsidy had been increased before the free education and childcare started in October.
According to the Ministry of Health and Welfare, a number of facilities have been identified, such as a facility to raise the fees for children over three years of age, and a facility to raise the fees since October.
There were also complaints about the free call center established by the Cabinet Office.
The Ministry of Health and Welfare stated that "there must be no reason to raise the price without reason."
"D-8" The 100th National Sports Festival torch burned in Germany (in Korean) - Yahoo News.
In Dokkō, the easternmost point of the Republic of Korea (Dokkō, Japanese name Takejima), a sacred fire was set on fire to inform the 100th National Sports Congress (National Sports Code).
At 6:30 a.m. on the 26th, the city of Seoul held a national sporting event commemorating the torch fire at the Helicopter Landing of the German garrison at Könçambukt Ululungungung, Gyeongsang North Road.
It was the first time in 15 years since the 85th National Games in Chungbuk, Germany, that a torch was set on fire.
Following a kite-laying performance to pray for peace, Vice-President Kim Songfan of Seoul City Council read the proclamation.
Vice-President Kim said, "One hundred years ago, my people would like to add the 100-year history of the National Sports Congress to the history of the National Sports Congress, with a glorious history of the Three-Year Movement and the establishment of the Republic of Korea."
A farewell address to the head of the county was also issued.
The head of Kim Byungs Depression County said, "Lately, I have insisted that the island is my country's territory because of the harsh economic situation in Japan without any reason," and emphasized that "all the people should overcome it once and for all through this national sporting event."
Both Vice Presidents Kim and Kim County Head set fire to the torch.
The torch was passed to the head of Cho Sonho Sports Promotion Division in Seoul, who was the head of the torch reception team, and to the first runner, Ho Wong Sok, the head of the guard of the island and O Josef.
The event was scheduled to be held on the 21st, but was postponed to the north of Typhoon 17.
Captain Ho Wongsok, who had been working on the island since January of the same year, said that he "had a sense of self-esteem that no one could protect my territory" and that "it is an honor to be able to participate in the 100th anniversary of the Games as a runner of the Holy Fire Relay."
Captain Hoe, from the helicopter landing to the middle of the island, took over the crew from the midpoint to the landing site.
The torch moved to Utsuryo Island and the head of Kim County and head of Kim County moved to Seoul on the Kannonjima Island Bridge.
The fire began on 22 October at the Chamsondan trench on the island of Ganghwa.
In addition to the 100th anniversary of the relay, the relay is also the largest in history.
The fire of the Manisan trenches will go around the Incheon, Koyang, and Swan.
The torch of Ganghwa Island, together with a special ignition at Imjinghak, Malad, and Solo, combines with the fireworks at Seoul Square on 29th of this month, and it burns as a fireworks display.
On the other hand, Mayor Park Wonsun of Seoul, through a media briefing, described it as "a time of great importance not for a few heroes but for the strength of collective intelligence", and stated that "the basic concept of the National Games has also been decided on "Many Stars".
"Korean-Bulgarian summit to discuss cooperation and expansion of nuclear power and defense industry - Yahoo News".
On the 27th, South Korean President Mun Jae-in met with Bulgarian Prime Minister Borisov on an official visit to South Korea, discussing the effective expansion of cooperation between the two countries.
This was the first time that the Prime Minister of Bulgaria visited Korea.
President Wen welcomed a visit to Korea before the 30th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations next year, and praised the leadership of Prime Minister Borisov, who led the development of Bulgaria.
The two leaders agreed that trade and investment between the two countries continued to increase, and that economic cooperation would continue to expand.
He stated that he welcomed Bulgaria's policy of granting Korean companies the position of "strategic investor" and hoped to promote Korean investment in Bulgaria.
While Bulgaria was promoting the introduction of nuclear power and modernization of its defense, South Korea emphasized that it would be Bulgaria's best partner, calling for attention and cooperation to allow South Korean companies to participate in the production of nuclear power and to promote the defense industry.
The two leaders agreed to strengthen future-oriented cooperation in the electric vehicle (EV) battery and automotive parts and renewable energy sectors.
Borisov hoped to have close cooperation with South Korea's leading ICTs in science and technology and education.
After discussing the peace process in the Korean Peninsula, President Wen expressed his gratitude for supporting the Korean government's efforts to establish peace in the Korean Peninsula, including announcing that Bulgaria would support the North and South Korean summit.
Prime Minister Borisov re-evaluated the will of President Wen and the efforts of the South Korean government to establish a peace system in the Korean Peninsula, and reaffirmed the solid support of the Bulgarian government.
The meeting was attended by the Minister of Industry and Commerce Seiming (Son Yummo), the Minister of Economy Seigandai (President's Office) and Kim Hyung-jong (Kim Hyung-jong).
During his visit to the United States, Kang Kyung-wu (Kang Guongfa), the deputy minister of foreign affairs, Zhao Seyong (Cho Seyong), was also present.
Kinki ceramics manufacturing of 'Awaji Kawara' in Hyogo and Awaji-jima Island filed for quasi-self bankruptcy, and the debt amounted to about 2 billion yen (Imperial Data Bank) - Yahoo News.
It also affected the progress of 'consumer's separation of tile roofs' due to the decline in housing and frequent earthquakes.
Kinki ceramics (TDB company code: 530173983, capital: 99.2 million yen, Odani 881-8 in Awaji City, Hyogo Prefecture, representative: Kozo FUKUHARA, 44 employees) filed for semi-self bankruptcy at Kobe District Court on August 30.
The applicant agent was Yoshida Ochi Lawyer (Nishi Tenma 1-10-8, Kita Ward, Osaka City, Osaka Prefecture, Yoshida Ochi Law Office, telephone number 06-6365-6038).
The company was founded in June 1895 and reorganized into a tile manufacturer in April 1961.
At first, the company started its business as a local industry of Awaji-shima Island in Nishitan-cho, Mihara County (present Minami-Awaji City) under the trade name of Kinki kiln industry (kabu).
In October, 866, the company absorbed Kyowa kiln industry (kabu) and succeeded the business of Kinki industry (kabu), and the company changed its name to its current name and moved its head office to its current location.
After that, the company established business bases in Fukuyama City, Hiroshima City, Oita City, Miyazaki City, and so on, and used to mainly use ibushi-gawara, but now, due to changes in consumer needs, western tiles such as flat tiles were manufactured at a rate of 70% and 30% of Japanese tiles such as ibushi-gawara.
The company has built a wide range of business bases in western Japan, including major house makers, construction materials companies, roof companies, and so on, and by December 2004, the company had an annual sales of approximately 316 million yen.
He was well known as the top tile maker of Awaji-shima Island.
However, as a result of the economic downturn in the housing market after the Riemann Shock, and the frequent earthquakes and earthquakes in the eastern Japan and Kumamoto, the demand for tile roofs increased, and the annual sales in December 2018 fell to approximately 1345 million yen.
As a result, the company's profits were reduced due to the rise in fuel prices, and the company suffered a series of deficits due to excessive stock burdens and investment in facilities.
As a result, the company sought to revive its management by requesting the financial institutions to relax the terms of repayment of the loan, but it did not show any signs of recovery, and it was increasingly difficult to finance the business.
He was unable to keep up with the project and decided to abandon the project.
The debt is currently under investigation, but is expected to be around 2 billion yen.
The Prefectural Dinryu Museum, located in Katsuyama City, Fukui Prefecture, which promotes 'industrialization of sightseeing,' is shot by a drone of a small drone.
On September 25, Katsuyama City, Fukui Prefecture announced its policy to acquire approximately 25,300 square meters of land adjacent to the construction site of 'Dinryu Gorge Katsuyama,' a road station that opened next spring.
In order to accelerate the 'industrialization of tourism' of the city and the local economy, it aims to attract hotel-type hotels and restaurants.
The same day, the Board of Directors of the City Council convened.
In addition to the opening of the Hokuriku Shinkansen line in the spring of 2023, the entire prefectural line of the Chubu Jukan Expressway is opened, the expansion and renovation of the Prefectural Dinosaur Museum (Katsuyama City) is planned, and the city wants to move from the center of day-trip to a tourist destination and attract lodging facilities.
It is a private recreation area located next to the road station building.
It is surrounded by the Kuzuryu-gawa River, the Takinami-gawa River, and the prefectural road, and is more than twice the size of the road station (approximately 12,000 square meters).
In order to improve the industrial complex, the City Land Development Corporation has been advancing the land negotiation since this year, and after the acquisition of the land, it has been building the land for 21 years.
According to the city, private enterprises, such as farm restaurants and harvests, fast food, and restaurants, have already approached the city.
It was also revealed that the name of the lodging facility was used as a city to attract lodging-type hotels adjacent to the railway stations planned by Tsumizu-haus throughout the country.
There are plans to move to three locations in Fukui Prefecture, but there are also plans to attract more than one city and city to compete.
The city plans to build a parking lot and other facilities.
Some members of the committee asked for speed-up, saying "it's too late for maintenance," and others said, "There's no place to sleep."
The Deputy Mayor of Sanekio MIZUKAMI expressed his intention to invite hotels and other hotels to 'promote the superiority of Katsuyama City to the prefectural Dinosaur Museum and Skijam Katsuyama' by positioning it as a 'industrial park with a theme of tourism.'
The seventh day of the Fukui Prefectural Baseball Tournament is held on September 28 in the northern Shinetsu district, and two semi-finals are held at the Fukui Prefectural Stadium.
If you win, you can get a ticket to the North Shinetsu Conference.
It is the only school in the state to have a high school in the Northwest.
In the final round of the tournament, the club's main rivalry with the club's football team is now in the process of winning the league title.
In the first round of the tournament, all of the team's matches were won by the Red Sox.
In the first round of the tournament, they won by knockout.
In the second half of the season, he played two games for the Dallas Cowboys, where he scored nine goals and five assists.
In the quarter-finals, he hit 15 home runs in the quarter-finals, and hit the North American in the quarter-finals.
Tsuruga Kehi - Koshien battery axis
The rivalry with Hokuriku has become more and more intense each time the match is played.
In the first round, he defeated Fujisawa by one point.
In the second round, they won by one point and the other by one point.
In the quarterfinals, the batting line exploded, and he defeated Seed Sakai in the cold.
I'd like to get a ticket from the north of Shinetsu, and I'd like to get a ticket from this stream.
Hokuriku - a dash line with explosive power
In the second round of the tournament, he won the championship with a baseball batting average.
In the first round of the competition, the team won by a score of one point.
The second round of the tournament was also a disappointment.
In the semi-final, the match was a close match between Seed Fukui and 10–9, but it was decided that the school would be able to strengthen its confidence.
He also wanted to win the Battle of Hami-sen (the Battle of Hami-sen) and to win the battle with a strong defense.
Tsuruga - Battery axle wins.
On the first day of the battle, they were defeated by the Sikhs.
As a result of this, the team was able to win four straight games in a row against the Kansas City Royals.
The director also said that the "destructive power" of the mid-axis hitting line was also a focus in the semi-final.
Hasui - a destructive medium axle strike
Kyoto Municipal Final (September 28)
Tsurugakehi - Hokuriku (ten a.m.)
Tsuruga - Hasui (half past midnight)
Canoe and paid articles in which the Japanese advance to the semi-finals
Taekwondo and Takashi MATSUI are the second-largest paid articles.
BITPoint, re-opening the service (Gold Online) - Yahoo News.
In July of that year, Bitcoin (BTC) and other 3 billion-dollar-equivalent cryptographic assets traded "BITPoint".
Bitpoint Japan announced on 30 September that it would resume its cryptographic asset delivery service.
It seems to have been established in some ways, including the prevention of recurrence.
In July of this year, BITPoint released bitcoins and ripples
Bitpoint Japan, a company that operates the BITPoint Cryptographic Property Exchange, announced on 27 September that it would reopen the service around 14:00 a.m. on the delivery of cryptographic assets.
In addition to customer responses and exchanges with the Financial Agency, it is considered that there were some measures to prevent reappearance, including the management system including the security aspects.
Bitpoint Japan has stated that it "will re-open service quickly and restore credit to its users, with first priority in safety."
In July of the same year, Bitcoin (BTC) and Ripple (XRP) illegally spilled 3 billion yen worth of cryptographic assets.
In a subsequent press conference, the company stated that "there are about 3 billion yen in cash left in the amount of compensation, and that it will be able to re-open the service as soon as possible on the premise of the protection of users."
This article was published in CoinPost on September 27, 2019.
"Israel's 'Messi II' Career Nine Club". sports.es.
Guy Aslin, who joined Balsa at the age of 12, was once referred to as "Messi II" due to his excellent playing and style.
At the age of 28, Guy Aslin joined a new team that would become the ninth club in his professional career.
A talented cantella pearl.
Now that Ann Fatty is attracting attention, there are many drops in the football world, and there is a very effective example of a warning that there is no need to hurry.
Aslin, who was an extraordinary technician but was out of luck to gain success, signed a two-year contract with Romanian First Division club Pori Yasi.
The Blue and White teams are currently ranked fifth in the league.
Guy Aslin made his debut in the 2009/10 King's Cup against Cultural Leonesa at the age of 18 and 6 months old.
At the end of the season, he signed a contract with Balsa, from which he began a long journey to Aslin.
He did not play for the same team for more than two seasons.
Manchester City, Brighton and Hob Albion (Rentals from the City), Racin Santander, Elkres, Majorca, Hapoel Tel Aviv, Sabader, Kairat Almaty, and now Poly Yasi have the opportunity to start a new career with Israeli MF.
At the same time, the Ministry of Justice and the Ministry of Justice, the Ministry of Justice and the Ministry of Justice and the Ministry of Justice and the Ministry of Justice and the Ministry of Justice and the Ministry of Justice and the Ministry of Justice and the Ministry of Justice and the Ministry of Justice of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of Congo
Bereaved families (right) and others who attend a press conference on the results of the investigation of the 'family support center business' = the afternoon of the 27th, Osaka Prefectural Office
On the 27th, a private survey found that 35% of the town and village implementing the "family support center business" (family support center business), which includes a temporary caretaker and a member of a private house, was strengthening their own safety measures.
Prior to becoming a subject of free education and childcare in October, the bereaved families of the accident complained that "the country should make strict standards."
A network of parents and professionals who lost their children in a nursing accident surveyed 921 municipalities.
There were 274 municipalities.
In addition, there is no need to provide emergency medical assistance to members of the organization.
"Dalbisch's 'Extraordinary Life' - Yahoo News".
"27th St. Louis, Missouri (28th Japan Time)"
In an interview with the New York Times, Darbish (33) of the Cubs, who had finished playing in the playoffs, said, "I haven't done anything for two days. I just don't think it's a good idea to watch baseball (from the bench) with no purpose."
He started 31 games with a 6–8 record and a 3–98 ERA, but finished the season with a 229 strikeout in 178 games.
In the second half of the game, the player's batting form was stabilized, and he continued to play with the opposing players with an overwhelming ball force.
"It's definitely a good time for me to make a difference in my life. I didn't think I'd feel that way at the age of 33. I thought I'd end up like this, but I can't believe I could go in a better place."
It was gradually restored in early June.
"There's an increasing number of things I can do every day, and there's an increasing number of things I can do every day."
It was a difficult task, but it was difficult to find a way to solve the problem, and as a result, it became increasingly difficult to find a way to solve the problem.
He also became confident that "he was thrown out of the injured list throughout the year".
Darbish, who had the right to opt out after the end of the season, said, "I'm going to have to think about it. I'm going to talk to an agent and family," but he said, "Basically, I don't have any complaints about this team and I'm happy."
I don't know what to do, but I think it's going to work out.
Yonezawa's second hit came in second place, Takumi Kanaya's 12th place/Asia Ama (Golf Digest Online) - Yahoo! News.
Shibuno Hyuga-ko got a cow.
Blake Windred (Australia) played 5 Birdies and 4 Boggy 71.
I protected the seat with ten underpayments.
It was won by Yonezawa Ren (Tohoku Welfare Tai 2 years old) and Ye Junmin (Korea) who placed 6th in a single bout with a boggy "67".
The other Japanese team, Yorihito Katsuragawa, who finished 9th, played 70 games, and was ranked 5th.
It is the second highest-grossing stadium in the world, and the second highest-grossing stadium in the world, the second highest-grossing stadium in Japan, the third highest-grossing stadium in Japan, and the third-grossing stadium in Japan, the third highest-grossing stadium in Japan.
The University of California, Los Angeles is ranked 16th in the world.
Kengo Aoshima (Wake Forest University) narrowly qualified 9 over 59th.
2/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/5/
"Taromen" specialty noodles, specialty noodles, specialty noodles, which act in the refuge, management cooperation, cheer up the victims of the disaster, town topic | Saga Shinbun News | Saga Shinbun LiVE
Children who enjoy Omachi's soul food 'Taromen' on their way home to Oburo: Omachi Town General Welfare Center Bisato
The 'Omachi Taromen Management Council' (representative of Kensuke SUZUYAMA), which is a restaurant offering specialty noodles 'Taromen' in Omachi-cho, performed 'Taromen' at Migo, the town general welfare center, which is a refuge for people suffering heavy rain, on the night of the 25th.
It was during this time that the Kishima coal mine was located in Seoul Food, which was loved by people who were affected by the disaster.
All we can do is make it and eat it."
Four restaurants on the menu cooperated to make 90 meals and bring them to shelters with onigiri.
The noodles served with thin noodles were added to the gyukotsu soup, and a lot of ingredients such as pork's (head) meat, shrimp and vegetables were served.
In addition to those who were in refugee camps, they also provided the "taste of Omachi" to those who came to the baths of the Self-Defense Forces.
"I've been a fan since I was young, but I haven't eaten for a year. I remember my old days" (66) and "I ate it for the first time. It's delicious. Now I want to go to the shop."
After the cooking, Vice President Kenichiro Fujise rushed in and said, "I'll help you if I can get back to normal sooner or later."
A year after the Ishiburi Eastern Earthquake, even when the power was out, a water-supply system directly connected to the water-supply system was installed. Hakodate Mansion: Hokkaido Shimbun Doshin Electronic Edition
In September of the same year, a blackout caused by the Eastern Iburi earthquake caused a flood in Hakodate, which caused a flood in Hakodate.
According to the municipal water and sewage department, seven mansions were built in the year after the earthquake, allowing water to run out of electricity.
There are more than 400 apartments and private housing in the city, which are water-filled with a "water tank" that can be insulated during power outages, and the department has called for a review of the measures.
The water supply system for housing is broadly divided into two types: the 'water tank' system, which is used to pump water into a tank in the basement or on the roof, and the 'direct water system,' which is used to pump water directly from the municipal drainage system to each door.
If a water tank is not damaged, the electric pumps that pump the water from the water tank to each door cannot be moved due to a power outage, and each door is insulated.
Yahoo! (in Japanese) Yahoo!
The training to search and rescue people who had been lost before the mushroom harvesting season in autumn was conducted in Shin-go Village.
Sixty people participated in training at Hiragozawa Forest Park in Niigo Village, including police, firefighters, and the Jyoyukai.
At the opening ceremony, Chief Tsuketada of the Goto Police Department called for "a close cooperation and encouragement of training."
Chief of the Bureau of Regional Affairs, I'm here to begin mountain training and rescue.
The training was conducted with the assumption that a mushroom-seeking man would not return home at night.
The members of the group search the mountains, calling for the name of the missing man, divided into three groups.
In June, a 70-year-old man who went into the mountains to harvest wild vegetables disappeared and was rescued the next day with injuries.
It was prepared for the mushroom harvesting season in autumn, which was easy to catch, by finding a injured man who had been injured and checking the coordination between the search and rescue of the mountain on a stretcher.
Hidetoshi Nishishima, is he sober at a drinking party with the "Ninkyo Gakuen" team?
"Movie Walker - Yahoo News".
The first day of "Ninkyo Gakuen," a film adaptation of Toshi IMANO's popular novel 'Ninkyo' series, was held in Shinjuku, TOHO Cinemaz, and directed by Hidetoshi NISHIJIMA, Toshiyuki NISHIDA, Junshi ITO, Akira NAKAO and Hisashi KIMURA.
As a special guest, Imano rushed in and said, "I love this movie! (played by Nishima) Hinomura is cool to see any scene. Enjoy it!" and when he leaned to the final film, the cast members showed a grim smile.
It is revealed that the drinking party of Hidetoshi Nishima was held.
"Ninkyo Gakuen" (Ninkyo Gakuen) The scene of greeting the first day of the performance
The book is a collection of stories in which Yakuza, the leader of the Akibon-gumi, who is not interested in contributing to the society, takes charge of rebuilding the high school, which is almost bankrupt, and solves a number of difficulties due to his sense of duty.
Nishima plays Nishida, who is a strong-minded but unhappy leader, and Hinamura, the number two of the Akihongumi, who has always been turned around by the boss.
Nishima said, "I've been nervous all the time, and I've had a lot of feeling in my face since the first day.
"It wasn't only during the filming period, but even after the shooting, the members of the band got together a lot of times, and they were such a solid team that they talked about a lot of things."
Ito also laughed, saying, "There was just a reckless drinking party called Rebokai," and revealed that he had spent a valuable time, saying, "It was good for the scene to make such a time. Teamwork improved, motivation increased. Even after the end, he continued on a regular basis and had a lot of good memories."
The story of the drinking party revealed the unexpected face of Nishijima.
Nishijima confessed, 'When I had a reflection meeting with this member, I drank too much. I often don't remember half of it.'
Nishida said, "I don't know what it looks like, but I'm drunk, and I'm sure it's a really good drunk."
Nishida showed his enthusiasm for the series, saying, 'If it's a good team work, it might be a series. We're going to make a series with your help,' Ito and Nakao also said, 'I'm sorry because Nishida was watching a movie. If it's a series, I want to sing a sequel.' and director Kimura also said, 'It's decided to make a sequel among me.'
"President of the Board of Directors of the Board of Directors of the Board of Directors of the Board of Directors of the Board of Directors of the Board of Directors of the Board of Directors of the Board of Directors of the Board of Directors of the Board of Directors of the Board of Directors of the Board of Directors of the Board of Directors of Directors of the Board of Directors of Directors of the Board of Directors of Directors of the Board of Directors of Directors of the Board of Directors of Directors of the Board of Directors of the Board of Directors of Directors of Directors of the Board of Directors of Directors of Directors of the Board of Directors of Directors of the Board of Directors of Directors of Directors of the Board of Directors of the Board of Directors of Directors of Directors of the Board of Directors of Directors of
As a result of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster, there was a policy to specify the practice of testing operations that continued off the coast of Fukushima Prefecture for full-scale operations in each area.
At the meeting of the President of the Association of Fisheries Federations of the prefectural government (the Association of Fisheries Federations of the prefectural government) on the 27th, the president of the prefectural government, Tetsu NOZAKI, said, "I want to gather representatives and start the discussion as prefectural fishermen.
The Board of Directors of the Union approved the formal addition of the casago, Sacramus, and Murasoi off the coast of Fukushima Prefecture to the target fish species for testing.
The remaining two species of fish are the binosugai and the common cascade.
At the end of the story, the director of the newspaper announces that he will not be able to continue his work.
In response to the treatment water after cleaning the contaminated Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant, he said, 'It's a problem with a keren-like argument. The position of opposition to the release of the ocean remains unchanged,' and he prevailed against the remarks of former Minister of Environment Yoshiaki Harada and Mayor Ichiro Matsui in Osaka City.
In response to the discussion of the full-scale operation, Akira Egawa, the president of the Iwaki City Fisheries Cooperative, pointed out that 'the opinion needs to be taken up from below' and respected the intentions of the members.
The Board of Directors of the City of New York, which is responsible for solving one of the problems, decides to make a decision as a city fishing association.
The President of the Association for the Advancement of Fisheries and Fisheries in the United States said, "It's important that the fisherman and the broker should discuss it.
In response, the United States Fish and Wildlife Organization (UNESCO) stated that it would "re-establish seven new fishing vessels for the first time in the year" and that it would "re-establish the fishing industry" and that it would continue to improve the environment in conjunction with full-scale operations.
Driving and smoking manners Improvement of street activities Karatsu Tobacco sales cooperative Association (Karatsu Tobacco sales cooperative) Machi Story (Saga Newspaper News)
The union member who calls the driver for safety: Sakanaka-mae in Waseda, Higashijo, Karatsu City
In conjunction with the 'Autumn Movement for Transport Safety and Prefectural People,' the Karatsu Tobacco Sales Cooperative performed street activities on the street in front of Waseda Saga Nakamae in Higashijo, Karatsu City on the 26th.
About ten people, including union members, were involved in the event, and the driver was asked to drive safely.
The participants asked for a safe drive, and handed over the seal, ballpoint pen, and so on to the driver.
In order to encourage the ban on smoking, he also handed over an ashtray with him and appealed to improve smoking manners.
The union's chairman, Kumamoto Fujio (80), said, "There are many accidents in the prefecture every year, and the number of driving has been increasing recently. I want you to be careful to keep your manners safe."
Beauty and ugly are all over the paper?
The game's title is a pun on the game's title character, Yahoo News.
Mystical beauty and the expressions of shadows?
Since the 1950s, a collection of beautiful and beautiful girls (Genko-sha) has been released, focusing on beautiful girls drawn by Kazuo Baizu, known as the leading figure in the "Fear Manga", which has been published since August 2019.
When he sees it in his hand, he realizes that it is a correlation between 'beautiful' and 'fear' in his works.
Is it attractive because there's a shadow?
Baizu Kazuo's beautiful girls (five pieces)
In the introduction to The Beautiful Girl Collection, there is also a sentence that "the shocking scenes and developments of the story are distinguished only by the beauty of the beautiful women in the opposite direction", but the contrast between the beautiful faces and the resentment of a grudge ... may be more prominent.
There is a key word 'snake' that appears in many of Baizu-zukazu's works, but the snakes are regarded by the viewer as 'a creepy creature' and some people feel 'beautiful.'
Some people like reptiles, while others do not like them.
Thus, depending on the sensitivity of the viewer, "beautiful" and "ugly" may be the same creature as the snake.
This creature has been revered as a more spiritual creature since ancient times, and it is said that the house where the "White Snake" lived is good luck.
The film's title is a reference to the 1965 film The Girl Who's Who and the Girl Who's Who.
It's about a beautiful woman with a shadows to become 'Hebi Onna' (literally, "beautiful woman").
I think it's a good idea to say that it's a "cool buttie" type, and I think it's like it's a common feature of beautiful girls appearing in the works of Baizu.
In particular, 'Orochi,' the main character of "Orochi" serialized in 'Shokun Shonen Sunday' from 1969, is a beautiful girl character who can be said to be a representative of Baizu's works, but it is reminiscent of 'Snake' by having a deep sleep every 100 years to preserve eternal life and eternal youth.
Seven students from Sabiel High School visit the mayor's office in Sanyo Onoda, Ube Daily.
On the 26th, seven people who were studying at Sabieru Takaka (the principal of Hideki MATSUBARA) visited the mayor of Goji FUJITA in Sanyo Onoda City.
The students talked about what they wanted to do during their stay, and Mayor Fujita encouraged them to lead a meaningful school life.
In addition, the Ministry of Education, Culture, Science and Technology's subsidiary project, 'Asia Bridge Project,' was used by high school students (15 to 17 years old) from various countries to Japan last month.
Six women from China, Cambodia, Mongolia, Thailand, Indonesia and Malaysia live in the school's dormitory for eight months.
Turkish boys spend ten months at school while they are homesteading.
Students who visit the city hall introduce themselves to each other in Japanese.
He said of the impression of the city, 'When I'm taking a walk, I'll greet someone I don't know. It's a quiet and pleasant town.'
He also said, "I want to see Mt. Fuji while I'm in Japan."
In addition, it was also reported that women living in dormitories had opportunities to interact with their host families, and that they were looking forward to participating in the library festival.
Mayor Fujita said, "I'd like you to take a lot of experience and experience. Next month, I'd like you to invite friends and family members to participate in the city's Halloween event in Sun Park."
Vice Minister Yamamoto removed food tweets on the eve of the crash of a helicopter.
A tweeter screen that Tomohiro YAMAMOTO, Vice Minister of Defense, posted a comment with a photograph of Kazuo IWADA, Minister of Defense, and deleted it.
Deputy Minister of Defense Tomohiro YAMAMOTO deleted a comment on the Twitter saying 'Tasty Nana-' by 27th when he ate at a yakitori-ya restaurant in Saga Prefecture.
The Yamamoto clan entered Kanzaki City, Japan, on February 26, to explain the results of the investigation into the crash of an AH64D helicopter of the Japan Ground Self-Defense Force in February.
On the same night, he tweeted, "I went to Saga Prefecture on a business trip!"
He posted a comment saying, 'It's delicious!' along with a photograph of Iwata, who was a member of the prefectural government, who attended the meal.
In the accident, a girl in the house was injured and two members of the crew were killed.
Yamamoto was elected to the House of Representatives four times, and was elected by proportional representation in the South Kanto region.
"Koshiyama Wakamizu" (Koshiyama Wakamizu) - A circle of 'child's dining halls' that provide free or inexpensive meals to children is spread throughout the country.
According to a survey conducted by the NPO, there are approximately 3,700 locations nationwide.
As of 2018, there are a total of 91 sites in Fukui Prefecture, with a total of 24 in total.
Why are you in a children's cafeteria now?
As a member of the Committee of Ministers and Ministers of Justice, he spoke at a meeting held in the city of Saskatchewan.
Due to the age of the children, the area became desolate, and the shopping district declined.
There is no place for people to meet.
Therefore, it was necessary to establish a base for communication between people and people.'
It is a place for 'multi-generation interaction' where old people participate even though it is called a dining hall for children in Kyoto.
It not only helps the elderly, but also helps the elderly to improve their health.
He breaks off the chain of poverty and cheers up the region.
What's important is that we don't have children to start with.
There are a variety of places to offer meals every day from the first day of the month of Kyoto.
It has a wide variety of venues, ranging from a few to several hundred people, from private residences to temples.
It's starting to feel like people are doing what they want.
It's fascinating to have such a low floor.
However, it is difficult to manage and maintain staff.
You know, I've heard a lot of things about a safe management system.
As a result of this, many of the members of the Society's members have changed their minds, and their relationship with each other can be seen as a "sacrifice".
It's like a light of hope for a closed society.
The final day of the Fukui Prefectural High School Baseball Tournament is held on September 29 in Fukui City, Japan.
In the final round of the tournament, the winner of the tournament, Tsuruga Keihi, who had been aiming for the fourth time in four years, will compete for the first time in 36 years.
The school's football team won three consecutive games.
In the semi-final against North Korea, he scored a goal in the semi-final against Acekasajima.
He scored 13 goals in the finals, helping the team to the finals.
The match was won by Noseid.
In the semi-final, they won by one point, and in the semi-final against Hasui, they were eliminated by a score of 3–1.
I'd like to give you a chance to score in the final.
One of the most important events in the history of the North Sea is the Battle of the North Sea and the Battle of the Sea.
In the first half of the season, the Red Sox would be relegated to the Third Division, but would be relegated to the Third Division.
On the other hand, the club has attracted attention, for example, by defeating the powerful Fukui Kodai.
It's worth noting that you can win the North Shinetsu in the third round of the competition.
■The game on September 29
It's time to start the third place game of the prefectural stadium, Hokuriku - Hasui (Water) Final - Tsuruga - Tsuruga (1:00 p.m.)
Tsuruga was underwater for 21 years, and Shinetsu AKIKITA was born.
Tsurugakehi sent Hokuriku to Hokushinotsu Tickets.
Rugby Japan, highest paid article in the past eight.
Japan Women's Basketball Association Japan Women's Basketball Association Japan Women's Basketball Association Japan Women's Basketball Association Japan Women's Basketball Association Japan Women's Basketball Association Japan Women's Basketball Association Japan Women's Basketball Association Japan Women's Basketball Association Japan Women's Basketball Association Japan Women's Basketball Japan Women's Basketball Association Japan Women's Basketball Japan Women's Basketball Japan Women's Basketball Japan Women's Basketball Japan Women's Basketball Japan Women's Basketball Japan Women's Basketball Japan Women's Basketball Japan Women's Basketball Japan Women's Basketball Japan Women's Basketball Japan Women's Basketball Japan Women's Basketball Japan Women's Basketball Japan Women's Basketball Japan Women's Basketball Japan Women's Basketball Japan Women's Basketball Japan Women's Basketball Japan Women's Basketball Japan Women's Basketball Japan Women's Basketball Japan Women's Basketball Japan Women's Basketball Japan Women's Basketball Japan Women's
Sharp House telegraph and Yoshimoto Geijininin PR Oraku Grand Prix in Osaka | Shizuoka Shimbun Attes
The comedian 'Himekoron' who won 'Sharp PR - 1 Grand Prix' = 27th, Osaka City
The final of Sharp PR - 1 Grand Prix, a contest to determine the geisha who can best introduce Sharp's household appliances, was held in Nanba, Osaka on 27th.
Sharpe and Yoshimoto Kogyo co-hosted the competition in July.
It's a plan to show the charm of the merchandise through professional talk, and make fun fans like Sharp's house telegraph.
It was the final performance at the Manzai Theater.
Approximately 250 spectators watched the four remaining battles from about 200 pairs.
The game's title is a play on the title character, who has often appeared in the game's opening credits.
He gave the air conditioning goodwill and wrapped the venue in laughter.
7000 series Sagami-Otsuka Station - Yahoo News.
As a commemoration event for the opening of the Sotetsu/JR through-service line, Sagami Railway Co., Ltd. held 'Sotetsu/JR through-service! 7000 series/122,000 series in Sagami Otsuka' on November 30.
It is located on the site of the Sagami-Otsuka Station.
In addition to the photographic conferences of Series 7000 and 12,000, the exhibition of Series 7000, sales of Series 7000 Rastran Memorial Goods, and the sale of tickets to commemorate the event were carried out.
Sales of commemorative goods (prices) include metal key holders (700 yen), canned badges (450 yen), and clean files (300 yen).
It is available for sale in 500 key holders, 300 cans, and 1,000 clear files.
"Air Force 1" (WWD Japan.com) 8 new models appeared at once, including the NBA Collaboration and Goatex models.
"Nike" is a new eight-model version of Air Force 1 (AIR FORCE 1), which has been popular as the brand's leading sneaker since its release in 1982.
Three of the eight models were for Women, and Nike Women's Footwear Senior Creative Director Georgina James added an update based on her experience in The One Reimagind, a collection of sneakers designed from a feminist perspective, as she said, "women are diverse and want something unique to others."
Eight new models of Air Force 1 have appeared at once, including the NBA Collaboration and Goatex models.
The "Air Force 1 NBA Pack", a collaboration with the NBA, appeared in two models: low-cut and high-cut.
The hikats are based on the NBA's Red, Yellow, Black, and Navy colors, and the hikats are based on the Los Angeles Lakers and the Los Angeles Lakers.
In addition to the NBA logo on Heel and Shutan, the satin dough on the back of the upper floor was used, and Swush was the first to design a biker.
It is priced at ¥13,200, and will be released on October 1.
The "Air Force 1 Swash Pack" is designed with the words "Swash" and "Logo" in place.
It is noteworthy that the Shutan part, which is supposed to have originally been a brand logo, was changed to a specially made "SWOOSH" character.
"Air Force 1 Shadow" features a shadow as an inspiration source, a side swush, and each detail as a double as a shadow.
While outsol is thicker and taller than the original, it has been successfully lighter for women by hollowing the center.
It is priced at US$3,200, and will be released on October 3.
"FRIDAY - Yahoo News".
"The Iranian drone used in this bombing, Ababir, has been greatly improved in recent years by analyzing the fallen U.S. drone.
It can be made inexpensive and has a range of about 1000 km.
It's too strong to be caught by radar to fly low.
On 14 September, the largest oil company in Saudi Arabia, Saudi Ramco, was bombed by 10 military drones.
Soon after, Yemen's anti-government organization, the Houthi faction, announced the attack.
"It must be certain that Iran is behind the Khushites, led by President Rohani. Iran cannot allow its hostile Saudi Arabia to make a profit in crude oil under conditions where its country cannot export crude oil. Continuing the oil embargo against Iran, it aims to make the international community aware of the pain associated with it."
As a result of the bombing, half of the oil production in Saudi Arabia was halted, and oil prices rose by 15%.
There are also rumors that the oil shocks will return.
"Trump pledges to withdraw U.S. forces from the Middle East and to avoid any military intervention until at least the next year's election. It turns out that Iran will continue to hide the Khushis and bomb the drone in the straw. The U.S. can't stand it forever. There is enough chance that Trump will decide to attack Iran from now on."
The U.S. and Iran's "deputy war" is a catastrophic crisis.
This is the reason why the super-individual YouTuber became a full-time employee.
"BizSPA". bizSPA.
9/27 (money) 8:47
YouTuber is now very popular among young people.
Although it is not uncommon for companies to use it to advertise their products, there is a rare system called the "YouTuber adoption" that employs them as full-time employees.
The company's CRM (Customer Relations Management) is a direct marketing mix (DmMiX).
What the hell do you mean by adopting YouTuber?
This time, he asked Yuki Kobayashi, the chairman of the DmMiX board of directors and the chairman of the staff First, a subsidiary of YouTuber.
I'd like to support young people who work hard for youTuber.
- What's "YouTuber adoption" in the first place?
Yuki Kobayashi (小林 祐樹, Kobayashi): Now the profession of YouTuber is an admiration of many young people.
The number of primary school students who want to go to the top of the professional rankings will increase and the number of young people who want to go to the top will increase.
We've always recruited and supported young people who are pursuing dreams of bandmen and comedians.
Similarly, "YouTuber recruits young people who are pursuing a dream of becoming YouTuber" are trying to support them.
YouTuber has an image of an individual posting a video independently, but why did you think you'd like to use it?
Kobayashi: While many young people adore the profession of YouTuber, most of youTuber can't make any profit.
There are few creators who work part-time to produce and post videos, or those who do not allow their families to acknowledge the existence of YouTuber.
In this effort, you will provide the selected creator with an environment for salary and content creation.
We're trying to support the demerit of the profession of YouTuber, which is becoming unstable at first.
"Fighting for the Safe Future" by the environmental girl, protested all over the world, and two consecutive weeks at the Shizuoka Newsletter.
On the 27th, Greta Tumbelli and others, who participated in protests in eastern Montreal, Canada, (Reuters-co-operated).
Greta Tumbelli (16) was a Swedish girl who protested against global warming in Montreal, eastern Canada, on the 27th, stressed that she would "continue fighting for the safety of the future".
The event was attended by young people from all over the world, including the United States and Europe.
In response to Greta's call, large-scale protests continued for 20 days and two weeks.
Greta met with Canadian Prime Minister Trudeau on the 27th.
He is also a frequent participant in the campaign against global warming.
After the meeting, however, Greta complained about Mr. Trudeau that he was "evidently inadequate".
"U.S. Assistant Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs - Yahoo News".
The Deputy U.S. Assistant Secretary of State for the United States of America (Korea and Japan) responded in a single interview at the U.S. Ambassador's residence in Tokyo on 27 November, saying that the GSOMIA treaty, which expired on 23 November, "wants Korea to reconsider the decision to revive and return".
It is unusual for U.S. high officials to refer to GSOMIA revisitations.
GSOMIA is the basis for the Japan-Korea, Japan-United States, and the U.S.-Korea agreements to share missile launch information.
In August, Korea announced that it would abolish the agreement with Japan, and if it went into effect, the framework to protect military information would collapse in Japan and Korea.
Mr. Nipper has said that "it is impossible to deal with a crisis without GSOMIA."
"It's a long time before it's over," he strongly encouraged the return of South Korea.
It was also the first time in history that a joint flight training exercise conducted by China and Russia in the Sea of Japan was conducted, and it was necessary for the U.S. and Korea to cooperate in the alliance, which shared values such as democracy and human rights.
"The U.S. government's decision to reduce U.S. debt to U.S. interests".
He said, "There's no intention of intermediation," and that "Japan and Korea play a positive role in burying the gap."
Yusuke HIRATA
Tokai Village criticality accident, 30 days, 20 years of nuclear facilities trouble, 300 cases: Hokkaido Shimbun Doshin Electronic version
From fiscal year 2000 to fiscal year 18 of the first critical accidents in Tokai-mura, Ibaraki Prefecture, which resulted in the deaths of the Japanese nuclear power, 336 accidents and malfunctions were reported to the Nuclear Regulatory Agency on the 28th.
It was 20 days after a critical accident that alarmed the safety myths of the nuclear industry.
Although the International Evaluation Scale (INES), which shows the severity of the report, comprises about 90% of the level 0 (non-safety-important) and non-evaluation cases, it is required to increase unauthorized safety awareness based on the same accident and the lessons learned from the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster in Tokyo Electric Power Co., Ltd. in 1911.
Koichi Muneda: On September 18, Echizen City, Fukui Prefecture, who completed the story and original painting of a creative picture book and requested donations for publication.
Koichi Muneda (64), an artist and a member of the Echizen City Area Okoshi cooperative group in Fukui Prefecture, started a crowdfunding campaign to raise donations online in order to publish a creative picture book inspired by the legend in the prefecture, in order to advance the development of the town by using pictures.
In April of the same year, Muneda, who was from Hokkaido and started his activities as a cooperative group, stressed that 'I want to communicate the hearts of the people of Fukui based on deep faith through a picture book.'
"Here's the money to give you the money.
Soda-san worked as an artist working on modern art based on the motifs of mathematics, but after the Genreki era, she also worked as a collaborator.
After he was involved in Nagano, Kumamoto and Tochigi towns, he arrived in Echizen City in April of the same year.
It is named after the city where Satoko KAKO and Hiroshi IWASAKI produced, and it aims to make a townscape by making a picture book live.
He is said to have lived in the city and was "surprised at the depth of the minds of the people around him for the first time".
This is a reference to the city's legend, "The Face of the Wedding Oni".
In contrast to Shutome, who lost the face of the ogre, the gentle bride continued to chant nenbutsu (Buddhist invocation) in order to help Shutome without worrying about her being surprised.
"Forgetting hatred, returning with mercy and kindness. I felt the origin of the faith and kindness of the Fukui people."
The story follows the story of Meoto Oni, in which a gentle Oni couple and a boy appear in a story called "Meoto Oni" (meoto oni) which was directed at the original picture book and attended Yoshizaki Gobo in Awara City as soon as they arrived.
In June, he took advantage of his job and drew ten scenes with warm watercolors, and the materials for his books were gathered.
In addition, it is planned to make use of Echizen washi (Japanese paper) which is a traditional handicraft in Echizen City, and the cover of the picture book will be made using Japanese paper.
The father and son enjoy the touch of Japanese paper by reading it.
The goal of the project was to raise £800,000 to fund the project.
The deadline is October 25.
According to Soda, "Fukui's heart, which has been brought up under the historical Buddhist culture, is proud of all over the country.
I want to tell the children what the real kindness and compassion they have inherited through the books."
It is one of the eleven projects that Fukui Prefecture accredits to revitalize the area by challenging its cooperatives and businesses in Fukui Prefecture, and uses Furusato tax payment to support it.
The company's financial support is provided by the Fukui Newspaper, and the Fukui Bank provides financial support.
It can be found on the Cloudfunding website "Lady Four".
New York City: New York City: Yahoo News.
In order to attract attention to rugby at the World Cup in Japan, a rugby class for children was held in Niigata City on the 28th.
The first rugby class was held on the 28th at the Toriyano Sports Park Stadium in Niigata City.
At an event organized by the Niigata City Rugby Football Association to encourage children to play rugby, 28 children from the age of 3 to 12 participated in the event, and experienced the basic elements of rugby, including tackles and passes.
The boy who participated said, "I've seen rugby on television for the first time. I've enjoyed it together."
The first rugby class will be held on 19 October.
Increased sales tax, rush-in customers, retail stores and special sales in Okayama Prefecture: Sanyo Shinbun Digital|Sanyo Shinbun Digital
A shop in front of Okayama-ekimae Station where large-scale household appliances are sold well before tax increases.
On the 28th, the last weekend before the sales tax was increased from 8% to 10%, family members who had rushed and bought cars at home in Okayama Prefecture and supermarkets visited one after another.
There is also a home center that sells specialty shops aiming at matome shopping, and a suit shop that sells winter clothing in advance, and the shops are also heavily involved in the sale of matome.
Bikkamera Okayama Station-mae Store (Ekimae-cho, Kita Ward, Okayama City) offers a limited sale for 30 days.
A company employee (37) who came to the store seeking refrigerator said that "it's 2%, but it can't overlook the difference when it's expensive."
According to the company, in September, large-scale household appliances such as televisions, laundry machines, refrigerators and so on were increased, and sales were about twice as high as that of the previous year.
"It's more than I imagined. Later, it's more of a customer looking for high-priced goods."
It is important to note that the sale of "soldiers" in the marketplace is an important part of the sale of goods and services.
It was sold in early September, a month earlier than usual, and sales this month were 10% higher than the previous year.
A company employee who visited Kurashiki shop (Hakuraku-cho, Kurashiki City) to buy an adult-style suit (19)=Asaguchi City=The ceremony is still ahead, but I want to buy it before the tax increases."
In this tax increase, the tax rate of food and drink is set in the reduction tax rate system, so home centers and supermarkets are limited to daily necessities and alcoholic beverages.
At the time of the construction of the station's main station building, the station's main entrance is located near the entrance to the station, where a large amount of laundry and tissues are stored.
In the same year, sales of consumers increased by one to six times more than that of the previous month, and it was said that "it would be cut off if it wasn't replenished many times a day."
A 63-year-old man from the city, who came to the store, said, "I'm going to buy this opportunity," and he bought all the kitchen paper.
Tenmanya Hapitaun Okaminami Shop (Tsukuko Shinmachi, Minami Ward, Minami City) also places wagons containing detergent, toilet paper, paper diapers and so on at the event site.
A 35-year-old employee of the city said, "If you get a point reduction in the cashless payments, the burden will hardly change, so you don't have to hasten to buy daily goods."
In 2019, he was named "Best Director" by Yahoo News.
Jürgen Kropp, who won the Best Director award for The Best, looked back on his career in an interview and commented on the situation.
In many of his speeches, the public's surprise was that of Pep Guardiola, the manager of Manchester City, which was his biggest rival in the competition for the Premier League title.
Naimar's best friend, Aubes, says, "His happiness is still in Balsa..."
After the award ceremony, the German commander claimed, "I didn't imagine anything so great. I was very satisfied and I was proud of the award. It was a wonderful few days for me. Thanks to my players, the most important thing is the team."
With respect to Guardiola, Crop said, "I respect him very much," saying, "What can I say about him? He has won a lot of titles. His style of playing is extraordinary. It is one honor that he is the best director I've ever met, he's nominated with him, and he can fight for the award."
He also mentions the directors Pocetino and Tottenham.
"His last year was incredibly wonderful. In many cases, if you didn't win the title, you wouldn't be able to remember people. I made a little team and played in a fine style."
Crop said, "It's a reversal in the 2019 best moment against Barcelona. Many experts and I wouldn't bet on us even a centimeter. It's like a death sentence against a team with Messi and Suárez.
When Crop finally received a personal question, he concluded, "When I woke up on a bench, I didn't even know where I was. I didn't like to get drunk because I was troubled by the obsession of self-management. I've done a very modest blessing. If I put everyone in front of me, I might be able to tell everyone I saw from the bus."
A special specification vehicle was introduced to Lexus LC and IS from master's technique to advanced technology (WEB CARTOP) - Yahoo News.
It's finished with a special one that enhances its flavor and quality.
Lexus sets up a special specification car for the Ragjuary Coupe LC and Sportisedan IS, which will be released on October 1.
Excellent Lexus LC Interiors
A special edition car was developed based on the concept of "CRAFTED".
CRAFTED embodies the sense of Japanese aesthetics and ambiguities that are cultivated in rich natural and historical history, and the sense of ambiguity that they seek without words, and the desire to use all the techniques from master to advanced technology to create new experiences that shake their minds.
The PATINA Elegance is based on the LC500/LC500h, and uses the top-level Lexus leather L-ANILINE sheet and a soft hand- touching premium leather.
It has been described as an enhanced model of taste and taste.
The L-ANILINE was designed to be very flexible with a color coat with a long-term process of flexibility and a unique technique.
It has a strong sense of comfort and fitness that envelops the body.
He also uses a premium leather for steering and is keen to feel good quality in his skin.
In addition, they were specially equipped with metalworking with alcantalalouf and laser etching, a scuffplate with a beautiful L-shaped motif, and a color head-up display.
The interior features a vivid patina brown, door trim, leather seats, and a flamboyant brown combination color for special-purpose cars.
In addition, the color of the stitch uses two different light browns and dark browns to represent a high quality and deep space.
The body color is set in three colors: the terrain car kimmy metal, sonic titanium, and graphite black glass flakes.
I think Sidecar wants to use it.
According to Apple, a new operating system, the macOS Catalina, was launched in October.
No specific date has been revealed, but it might be released on October 4.
Is it possible that the release date of the macOS Catalina was October 4.
The above image was posted on the Danish Apple website (now modified).
The image certainly has the letter (fra den 4. oktober) on it.
Official website, the information is likely to be high.
By the way, the most personal feature of the macOS Catalina is "Sidecar".
This is a feature that treats the iPad as a sub-display of the Mac, and was originally implemented in third-party applications.
And because Sidecar is Apple's pure functionality, it is expected to be more complete (and responsive).
There is also a rumor that the next MacBook Pro, with a 16-inch display, would like to experience this next generation of macOS.
Growth process: Sacred shrimp in Shizuoka City, etc. Photographed at 290 meters deep at Shizuoka Shinbun Atoes
Sacred shrimp, born on the 11th this year, successfully shot in the deep sea of Suruga Bay, off the coast of Kamabara, Shimizu Ward, Shizuoka City (provided by 'Yuhi sakura shrimp project').
The 'Yubisakuraebi Project' of the Cluster Council of the Marine Industry, which is a board of fishermen in Shizuoka City, was so successful in shooting cherry shrimp, which is thought to have been born in the spring and summer spawning season of this year, at the bottom of Suruga Bay, 290 meters deep.
It is important to note that the images of the growth process are valuable, and the participants want to explore the ecology of the shrimp with many mysteries.
The film was shot at the bottom of the sea, about one and five kilometers off the coast of Kamabara, Shimizu Ward, Tokyo.
In 17 minutes, it was estimated that 300 people had been killed.
During the day, it was confirmed that the shrimp shrimp in the deep sea "forms a certain flock at the bottom of the sea".
The adult is about 40 millimetres long, while the adult is about 23 millimetres long.
It matched the seasonal data of deep-fried shrimp and identified the spawning season.
A detailed analysis is required by Fujitsu Software Technologies and Shizuoka Industrial Technical College, which make up the team.
The director of the project, Keisuke Mizuno, said, "I want to see the lives of individuals in the growth process, including young shrimp."
The city was hit by a typhoon, and the residents of Chiba Prefecture were free until the end of October, when the city was hit by a typhoon.
A mascot character 'Chiba-kun' in Chiba Prefecture, which welcomes visitors at Mother Ranch, which reopened its business, is in the morning of the 28th, and Tomitsu City, Chiba Prefecture.
The mother ranch in Tomitsu City, Chiba Prefecture, which had been closed for nine days due to power outages and facilities caused by typhoon No. 15, reopened its operation on the 28th.
As a result, residents of Chiba Prefecture are free to enter the area by the end of October.
At the same time as the opening of the park, many people came to the park, and at the entrance gate, the prefectural mascot character "Chiba-kun" (Chiba-kun), who rushed to support them, welcomed them.
The roof was covered with blue sheets, and some of the facilities have been repaired, but half of the restaurants have been reopened.
Kenji MITANI, a member of Sagamihara City, who visited his family, smiled and said, 'I was worried when it would reopen. I thought it would lead to a revival, and I came to enjoy the event of potato digging.'
All-State Igo: Electronic version of the Hokkaido Shimbun
The 69th All-way Go Championship (sponsored by the Hokkaido Shimbun Company) was held on the 28th, at the Hokkaido Shimbun Company in Chuo, Sapporo.
There were 30 athletes competing at the top of the Amateur, and the best four came together.
Tetsuya ASANO (48) - Sapporo area = Sapporo area = 52, Takuji TOMIDA (72) - Asahikawa area = Takasusumori (75) - Kitami area =
In the first round of the competition, the winner of the competition (49) and the winner (49) were eliminated in the quarter-finals by Asano-san, who was the most successful in the competition.
The youngest player in the history of the tournament, Uya SHINODA (8)=Sapporo district was defeated by Kazutoyo-san (75) in the first round of the tournament.
Mr. Arai was defeated in the next two rounds.
The final was held at 9:30 p.m. and the final was held at 9:30 p.m.
At 10 a.m., the 26th Women's Go Championship is held.
It is also home to the New York Times (New York City).
(Yasutoshi NAKAMURA)
In the first half of the race, the world champion, Kento Momoda, Shutenzei (周天成) is one step ahead.
"Bad X-Spy" (in Japanese).
The Japan national team, which won six medals at the 25th World Championships in Basel in Badminton in August, finished in early September and entered the Chinese OP (Jiangzhou/Super1000) in early September.
This is a list of events that took place between May and August, when the Tokyo Olympic Games were held in Tokyo, and the men's singles were held in mid-September and December.
The badminton Olympics, which began in May, erased four of the top five Super 500 events at the end of the World Championship.
In the first half of the tournament, two of the four winners, Kento Momoda, and Chiang Tiancheng (Chow Tiancheng) of Taiwan, won the tournament.
Momoeda won the World Championship, and Zhou Tensei won the OP (S1000) and the "World Ranking Points" which were directly linked to the Olympic race.
In addition, MomoDA also won the Japan OP (S750).
The tournament has been contested since May by four teams: the Sudirman Cup (May/China), the Indonesian OP (July/July), the Japan OP (July), and the World Championship (August).
Despite the fact that there are fewer players in the team, it is a very difficult task to keep up with the game.
Only one World Championships were held in August, but it would not be much more fatigue than wartime.
The following week, the team's best results were announced in mid-September.
"Taiwan Ace".
Attention to young men in Thailand!
He also won the Indonesian OP and Thai OP (S500) Championships, and had already won seven.
In September, he participated in the local Taipei OP (S300) and won the championship.
He is a very competitive player, and does not want to play any games.
Even after the convention, there is no major problem with the performance of the game.
Rather, it would have been easier to adjust the schedule of the next contest by getting high points in the first half of the competition.
The game was a success, but by the end of the year, it was becoming increasingly difficult to keep up with the game.
For Momoeda, the world's top ranking player, he seems to be a more difficult opponent than ever.
In the first half of the season, he played for the Thai youth ace Cantaphone and the Indian team Sai Planetis B..
"Anders Antonsen's All-America Team".
Although the Cantafone did not advance to the final, they were able to advance to the top four in the second round of the competition.
Although there is still a rough side, it is likely that Larry, who became equal to the top player at the age of twenty-one on the 18th, had a great chance of jumping in the Olympics.
Sai Planetes B. also took a step out of India, where he was a good player in singles.
Samir Barama, Planoi H.S., and Surikans Kidambi, who are suffering from injuries, must be careful of the Indians after the mid-war period.
A new charge for a cell phone, a fair competition, a low price for an electronic version of the Hokkaido Shimbun.
In October, a new charge plan for a mobile phone company was put into effect with the enactment of the Telecommunication Business Act.
However, it was largely overcrowded.
The President of the Republic of China said that "there was a chance to lower the price by 40%" in the last summer, but the price competition did not occur, despite increasing expectations of lowering the price.
The main reason for this is that Rakuten's full-scale entry was postponed and the oligarchy of the three major companies continued.
It is desirable for consumers to become a fees system that is easy to use due to fair competition.
I want the efforts of the mobile companies.
The law prohibits discounts on terminals and communications fees.
Instead of selling the device at a low price, the cost of communication was reduced.
Softbank and KDDI(au) announced plans to increase the terminal to a maximum of half the cost.
However, both companies have a "SIM lock" system that can be used on terminals for 100 days without using another company's connection.
NTT DoCoMo will pay a maximum of one-third of the terminal fee to only contractors of its own line.
The three companies seem to continue to keep 'encirclement' to prevent transfer to other companies.
The U.S. Department of Defense issued a decree requiring immediate removal of SIM rock.
Companies also need to respond quickly.
As a result, it was decided that the network would not be able to continue as planned.
It was expected to be an explosive in a price-decrease competition, but it was dressed in a shaved shoulder.
I'm afraid he had a good sense of humor.
It is not clear when or when the actual service started.
As a company responsible for social infrastructure, I want you to work on the business with responsibility.
This change was made in response to the resignation of the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs.
Mr. Sugawara expressed dissatisfaction with the new charges of the three companies, saying, "I think the competition will start. I don't think it's okay at all."
However, it does not seem that 'the government-made price reduction' distorts the market and encourages healthy competition.
Companies should develop customer-oriented competition before they are made available to the government.
The price system of each company is very complex and is not easy to compare.
The Consumer Agency called attention because there were cases where the consumer's burdens exceeded half of the price, even though the terminals were advertised as "the largest half of the price."
In order to avoid misunderstanding of the user, the company must be careful and understandable.
The amount of money raised to 500,000 yen was lowered to three credit cards in Mie Prefecture, and Ise Shimbun.
The New York City Department of Transportation (DOT) and the New York City Department of Transportation (DOT) agreed to a three-year deal with the New York City Department of Transportation to reduce the cost of transportation.
In the past three years, the company had a cash card of 500,000 yen, which could be issued on a cash card to depositors over 70 years of age who had never traded more than a certain amount of money in ATM (a cash automatic deposit dispenser).
On October 1, the Kuwana Mie Shinkin Bank and the Kita Ise Ueno Shinkin Bank were withdrawn, and on November 1, the Kihoku Shinkin Bank was withdrawn.
For example, in the United States, the United States Department of Justice and the United States Department of Justice and the United States Department of Justice has stated that "there are many cases of special fraud committed by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and the United States Department of Homeland Security, with the exception of a number of cases of fraud committed by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, and the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, and the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, and the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, and the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, and the U. Department of Homeland Security, and the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, and the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, and the U.S. Department of Homeland Security.
Transferred to the Mutsu room of Tsurutatsu YOKOTSUNA and others, the sudden death of Oyakata IZUZU|Shizuoka Shinbun Atoes
The Japanese Sumo Association announced on 27th that after the death of Oyakata IZUZU (former Sekiwaki Sakahoko), three sumo wrestlers including Tsurutatsu YOKOTSUNA and one Tokoyama were transferred to Mutsu room.
The room is the same as that of the Tasmanian room.
His master, Mutsu oyakata (former Kirishima OZEKI), came from the Izutsu room and was a disciple of the late Izutsu oyakata.
On the 16th, Oyakata IZUTSU died suddenly, and Tsururutatsu and others were temporarily held in the Kagamiyama room of the same family, and further treatment was discussed.
There are two main buildings in the village, one in the middle of the hill, and one in the middle of the hill, in the middle of the hill.
"The Game of the Game" "The Game of the Game" "The Game of the Game" "The Game of the Game" "The Game of the Game" "The Game of the Game" "The Game" "The Game of the Game" "The Game" "The Game" "The Game" "The Game" "The Game" "The Game" "The Game" "The Game" "The Game" "The Game" "The Game" "The Game" "The Game" "The Game" "The Game" "The Game" "The Game" "The Game" "The Game" "The Game" "The Game" "The Game" "The Game" "The Game" "The Game" "The Game "The Game" "The Game" "The Game" "The Game" "The Game" "The Game" "The Game" "The Game "The Game" "The Game" "The Game" "
The U.S. FL Quill is a rough-player, and the former England national team is not a tackle.
The U.S. defeated England 7–45 in the final round of the Rugby World Cup.
In the final episode of the series, the character is portrayed by FL John Quill.
He is then shot in the form of a shredded tackle in the face of the opponent.
The actual scene was released by the foreign media with a video, and former England national team players complained that it was "insulting and dishonest" and that it could not be called a "tuckle".
"Sexy, insulting, scumbagy, and scumbags".
The actual moment of the face-dangerous tackle played by the U.S. Representative Quill.
A hot fight has crossed the line.
It's 29 minutes from the end of the 0-38.
The English captain Farrell had a slight breakdown when he caught a pass on his side.
It was Quinn who went to tackle it.
He wakes up not from the waist, but from the upper body, and crashes his body hard.
As a result, the person's head and head are in contact with each other, and the person's head is in the shape of a headstroke.
Farrell was furious and fell.
The English players protested against the game's apparent lack of legitimacy and attempted to push Quill away.
The two teams met at a quick pace, and the air was hit by a touchdown.
As a result of the TMO video, Quill dropped out of the game with a red card.
He left the pitch with his bad face, but some of the spectators who wanted fair play heard booing.
Rugby World Cup 2019: The U.S. withdrew from the tournament with a dirty play and England won the match.
"Kill made a cowardly shoulder charge on the face of the English star Farrell", he reported, "It was almost a brawl between the two players."
The article features comments from former England national team player and commentator Hugo Mona.
"It's insulting, it's disgusting. It can't be called a tackle. It's disgusting."
The United States lost the game to the United States in the 81st minute.
However, Quill's play left behind a bad taste.
On September 26, the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare announced the first 424 hospitals in the country, judging them to be "lack of clinics" among 1455 public hospitals, including the Sun and Red.
In Fukui Prefecture, the Ministry of Health and Welfare verified the performance of 14 public and public hospitals, and four facilities in Wakasa Takahama Hospital in Takahama-cho, Oda Hospital in Echizen-cho, Tokyo, Japan, were used.
4 hospitals which are subject to reorganization: 'The standard is wrong'
In order to reduce the expenditure of health care expenditures due to aging, he took an unusual step toward dealing with the need for reorganization and consolidation of hospitals in competing regions.
In October, he requested that the hospital be reorganized and consolidated into a full-fledged hospital, and the plan was to make the conclusion by September next year.
Although there is no compulsion, it is expected that local chiefs and residents will rebel due to fear that there will be no nearby hospitals.
It was published at the same meeting.
The total number of hospitals was 29%, and the number of hospitals was relatively low.
In the prefectures of Niigata (53 and 7 percent), Hokkaido (48 and 6 percent), Miyagi (47 and 5 percent), Yamaguchi (46 and 7 percent), and Okayama (43 and 3 percent).
It was the fifth-highest-grossing stadium in Ohio, and the only one in Ohio to do so.
The Ministry of Health and Welfare, based on the 2017 data, examines 1455 hospitals in public and public hospitals that are capable of responding to "high acute periods" for severe patients and "acute periods" for general surgery.
He analyzed nine medical records, including cancer and emergency care, and the need to publish the hospital's name by analyzing whether a competitor's hospital was located within 20 minutes of the car.
The hospital will be closed and some of the clinics will be moved to other hospitals.
Medical expenditures have risen sharply in 25 years, when all members of the group are over 75 years of age.
The Ministry of Health and Welfare aims to reduce the number of beds in hospitals to 1,191,000.
Currently, there are many beds for "high-acute" and "acute" periods, where nurses are well-paid and medical expenses are high, but there is no need for high-needs rehabilitation for the elderly.
To cope with aging, not only reduce the number of beds, but also increase rehabilitation.
In order to improve the quality of the hospital, the Ministry of Health and Health decided to create a "regional health plan" for each prefecture, which required 25 years of beds.
Although the country is divided into 339 districts and consulted by municipalities and medical professionals, many of the local residents and heads of state maintain a cautious attitude, which makes it difficult to discuss.
The Ministry of Health and Welfare wants to activate the debate by publishing the names of hospitals with poor results.
In addition, there are a number of educational programs in the United States that offer a wide range of educational programs, such as: Healthcare, Healthcare, and Healthcare (HHS) for the first time in 18 years.
On 27 September, a total disaster prevention training exercise was conducted in the forest, shichihan (seven meals) and Kabe-cho within the jurisdiction of the Oshima island, in anticipation of an eruption of Mt. Komagetake (1131 m).
Approximately 400 employees and residents attended, including three towns and roads.
It was the first time that an evacuation plan was drawn up by the Mount Komagadake Volcanic Disaster Prevention Council in Hokkaido, which included evacuation routes for residents.
It has been a common practice for residents to participate in the event for 18 years.
At 8:45 a.m., Mt. Komagetake erupted and mud streams reached the town at the foot of the mountain.
When the eruption alert level was raised to 5 (refuge), a refuge was established in the woods and Nanai-cho, and residents were moved by buses and police vehicles prepared by each town.
In the United States, hundreds of thousands of students protested against Vancouver's climate demonstrations against school holidays and global warming (Yahoo News).
About 100,000 people, mostly students sympathetic to 16-year-old environmental activist Greta Tumbelli, marched in Vancouver on September 27, protesting against climate change.
Climate demonstration in Vancouver.
The march took place from Vancouver City Hall across Canby Bridge to the downtown library.
In front of the meeting place, people with placards began to gather several hours before the commencement, and at 13:00 the crowd filled a few blocks of the city hall.
The number of participants continued to rise, eventually reaching over 100,000.
On the way, the police cooperated with the road regulations, and watched them for hours until all of them were able to walk.
In conjunction with the United Nations Climate Action Summit in New York City, Vancouver hosts a number of events that have been held since the last weekend to discuss global warming.
On the 27th of the last day, a school strike was called Friday for Future.
Students who took part in this day's school appealed to adults, "I want to protect the earth even if I take a break from the important things of the school," and many adults who took part in the work responded, "We will do our best for the future of the children who are seriously studying and thinking about it."
Pork cholera vaccine is recommended in nine prefectures of Japan, Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries (Gifu Shimbun Web) - Yahoo News.
On the 27th, the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry, and Fisheries announced an amendment to the epidemiological guidelines that would allow preventative vaccination of pigs that are not currently recognized.
It is a policy to select nine prefectures, such as Gifu Prefecture and Aichi Prefecture, which have been confirmed to infect pigs and wild boars.
Migration of live pigs and fertilized eggs is restricted within the range, but it is permitted to be distributed outside the range of meat and processed products.
After a public comment (public opinion poll) and so on, the procedure is expected to be completed by October.
By using vaccines and allowing extraterrestrial distribution such as meat, it is no longer recognized as a "clean country" by the International Organization and may affect the export of pork.
Since the outbreak of September of last year, Japan has been in a position of a clean country for a while.
In response, the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries set up a "vaccination-recommended area" for areas with high risk of infection from wild boars to pigs.
The Ministry of Health and Human Services is responsible for the creation of a "vaccine vaccination program" that combines the range of vaccination, the time of vaccination, the number of heads, and how to proceed, and allows the use of the vaccine by the governor.
The other seven prefectures that are recommended for inoculation are Saitama, Toyama, Ishikawa, Fukui, Nagano, Mie, and Shiga.
When the decision is made, the decision is made to change the situation.
Ingested pigs, semen, fertilized eggs, corpse, and debris are generally restricted to the area.
For meat and processed products, it is not subject to the cost of distribution or the influence of farmers, and it is practically acceptable to distribute them outside the area.
To avoid spreading the virus, the process of food trash is thoroughly handled.
It also advocates for the safety of inoculated pigs and to prevent pollution.
The reform of the guidelines was met at a meeting of experts held on the same day and confirmed at the headquarters of the epidemiological countermeasures.
From now on, the government conducts opinions and public comments to the prefecture and enforces new epidemiological guidelines.
Unknown to the public, Mr. Mano, and Mr. Mano.
"Give me an offer. I don't need money." (Football channel) - Yahoo! News.
9/28 (Saturday) 2:57
He left the Melbourne Victory of the Australian A-League for the last season, and is currently an unaffiliated former Japanese national team member, Keisuke Honda.
"Did you really go to the game?
The truth of heaven will be revealed.
After renewing his Twitter at midnight on the 27th, Honda made an open approach to a club, saying, "Please give me an offer. I don't need money, but I need to play with a great team or a great teammate."
"The Reverse Offer" is a reference to Manchester United.
Why do you want to make a big deal of money for the club?
It was published in the Australian edition of Fox Sports.
In an article entitled "The five FWs that Manchester United could catch in the ongoing crisis of injury", five now-recognizable independent players were picked up.
Among the players, including Hattem Ben Alfa, Giuseppe Rossi and Wilfredo Bonnie, was Honda.
In the United States, many people are injured, including MF Paul Pogba, DF Luke Shaw, DF Eric Bailey, FW Anthony Marshall, and FW Marcus Rushford.
The Red Devil, led by Ole Gunner Souleschard, was forced into a difficult slide with two wins and 22 losses in the league, and had a challenge for the front line quarter.
As a result, the New York Times called him a potential candidate for the position.
The article analyzes that "Honda's contract as a creative side player, not a striker, can fill the hole where Andreas Pereira is buried."
His nine goals in 18 games for the Melbourne Victory were "a solid record", but it has been pointed out that "the 33-year-old Honda has to leave his entertainment to manage the Cambodian national team and get full attention".
Is it true that Hodgson's approach is true?
It is also important to note that United will move due to the fact that the Tokyo Olympic Games will be held next year due to the veteran announcing his goal.
500 portable translators have been completed, free loan to Hamamatsu Chamber of Commerce, shops, etc. | Shizuoka Shinbun Atoes
'Poketoko,' a mobile translator that rents 500 shops in Hamamatsu City and other places without charge.
On the 26th, the Hamamatsu Chamber of Commerce and Industry announced that a total of 500 units had been established in the Hamamatsu City store, with a free loan of 'poke talk' to the members' business.
It is said that it is the first time in the country that a translator is deployed in the same area, and it is noteworthy that it will increase the ability to respond to Inbound (visitors to Japan).
Among the loan holders were 236 restaurants, 113 retail stores, 17 lodging establishments, and 134.
About 60% of the city's population lives in the city.
The company also began to display the location of a loan to a map app, GoogleMap, to allow smartphones to identify the location of a "foreign-language store".
It can also be accessed from the lake's tourist site.
Pokétok's free loan for 74 languages began in April with the declaration of "Japan's biggest Invound Support City Hamamatsu" by nine groups in the city.
The Chamber of Commerce purchases 500 units and lends them for two years to small and medium-sized businesses satisfying conditions such as hospitality certification and cashless payment.
The company's executive director said, "It's hard to find a way to get a new customer out of business."
Kanyo IKEMURA, a master of Jikidora, doesn't need a ti-up?
Today's Caddy's best shot.
A 1W shot is not necessarily a tie-in shot.
There is also a technique called "Jikudora" (literally, "direct drum") in which a ball is played on the ground when a player wants to earn a distance from the second ball in the game.
In recent years, 1W has a large head volume, which is associated with the risk of dispersing the ball, although some players often practice it on the ground.
This is Kansei IKEMURA's first victory on the tour.
At the age of 24 in his professional year, he was 166 cm tall, but is currently seventh in the Driver Distance Division with an average of 304.02 yd.
While he was good at longshot, one of his tasks was the accuracy of Fairwaywood.
In the spring, he said, "I couldn't get a shot at Spoon 3W, so I thought I'd try to get a shot at Naodora."
From the practice round, the ball is dropped on Thierry's lawn with a pot, and the ball can also be shaken off by one wicket.
In the case of a big carry, the ti-up is often used, but the two sides of the ti-dora are used in a narrow hall and so on.
You can use it in a hall where the eyes are down."
A ballistic instrument recorded 270 yd to 280 yd in Carey.
That's why I don't need 3W. Caddy can be more comfortable with 3W than 3W.
Since the Japan Tour Championship in June, Wood has only one W in his caddy bag.
The second longest club is the 17-degree loft UT.
The way the tourers are surprised, they are pleased to hear a leak from the gallery they see.
"They're trying to get the club to a level".
"If you hit a down blow, you won't fly straight. If you hit it with the upperside, you'll go right with the cut trajectory. Originally, you were doing a straight drum to correct the swing of a 1 W shot. This practice would slow the attack angle.
When the ball is not caught, it is accompanied by the risk of slice, which means that the left side can be erased (but not bent to the left).
I'll tell Kantan, but it's a professional technique I can't imagine.
It is the first game in the series to air on Yahoo! website.
Ice observed for the first time in this season at Tsuruga-ike Pond on Mt. Norikuradake tatami-daira, in the morning of the 27th, Niugawa-cho, Takayama City (provided by the Norikuradake Skyline Management Office)
On the 27th, ice was first observed in this season at Tsuruga-ike Pond in the tatami-daira (tatami-daira) of Mt. Norikuradake in the northern Alps (2702 meters above sea level) in Niugawa-cho, Takayama City, Gifu Prefecture.
Four days later than last year, one day ahead of the average of the previous decade.
According to the Saddle Skyline Office, around 6:25 a.m., a staff member patrolling the road confirmed that the ice was about two millimeters thick on the west side of Tsuruga-ike Pond.
The weather at the time of observation was clear and 3 degrees Celsius.
According to the Gifu Meteorological Observatory, the lowest temperature in the prefecture was 9 and 5 degrees Celsius in Shogawa-cho.
Let's go to the Paralympic Games!
"Today's New Year's Eve" on the official website of the New York Times.
The Tokyo Maritime Hydraulic Fire Insurance (Tokyo Maritime Hydraulic Fire Insurance) "Challenge 6" in Fukushima Prefecture (Tohoku 6 prefecture caravan event, in Fukushima Prefecture) was launched on 28 September 2020 at the Ion Mall in Konahama, Japan.
As part of the Paralympic Games, there are six sports that can be experienced, namely boxing, wheelchair fencing, wheelchair basketball, goalball, track and wheelchair rugby.
From July to October, Challenge 6 was held at one of the six locations in the Tohoku region, and at the same time, the Ion Mall, a small beach, was held in Fukushima Prefecture.
Paralympic competitions are still less well known than the Olympic Games, but are aimed at attracting many people to understand through the Challenge 6 and through the same experience as the Paralympic Athletes.
At the venue, she wrapped herself in a yellow dress, and her familiar comedian, Dandy Sakano-san, visited her in Getz!, where she experienced the game together and showed her enthusiasm.
On the 29th, Judge Tarento Maggie arrives.
Until 29th.
Time is 10:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.
Children's Play Facilities and Minami Numabara-ko, Summary of Construction, Yamagata City|Yamagata Shinbun
It was decided that Yamagata City planned to build a children's play facility and a new school building in Minami Numabara, which was built using private funds (PFI), and the plan was outlined by a standing committee of the city council held on the 26th.
Images of children's play facilities newly established in Katatani, Yamagata City
It is planned to build a children's playground on the north side of Yamagata 9 Nakatsukita in Katatani District, with an area of approximately 23,400 square meters.
The building has an iron roof and has a floor area of about 3,000 square meters.
It houses a gymnasium, a café, and a library.
Outdoor, it has a Universal-designed playground that allows children with disabilities to play, and has 300 parking spaces.
A review committee was held at the City Hall on 5 July, and 13 shelters (Yamagata City) sold for 3.5 billion yen, including design, opening preparations and maintenance and operating costs for 15 years.
The project is expected to be completed by January 2019 and will be completed by March 2019.
Images of the Minami Numabara new school building
The school has more than 900 students.
It is planned to be built on the north side of the current school building in Iizawa, with an area of approximately 21,500 square meters.
It is a three-storey concrete building with an area of approximately 8,580 square meters.
The school has 30 classrooms, including two pools, a steel gymnasium, and a children's club after school.
At the meeting of the committee on 6th of this month, a group of eight companies, Ichimura Komusho-ten (Yamagata City), sold for 4.512.1 million yen, including the design, the demolition costs of the old school building, and the maintenance and management costs for 15 years.
Design and construction began in December and was scheduled to be completed in October 1922.
"Today, this is the time when I'm in love with Yahoo News" (in Japanese). sportsnews.com.
It was decided that the actress Shuri (29) would appear in the TV drama Motocaremania (started on October 17 at 10 o'clock on Thursday) starring Yuko NIIKI (25) and Kengo KORA (31).
Shuri is portrayed by Chizuru KAGA, a colleague of a major food manufacturer played by Shosei YAMASHITA, played by Kenta HAMANO (38).
The film's protagonist, Chizuru, is not interested in marriage, and he divides the marriage as a "method" for himself to be financially troubled.
It was there that he appeared.
He often sees the future and the way he ate rice, which had recently flourished from Hokkaido to the head office in Tokyo, and approaches him with "just a good marriage partner."
Although it looks like a crane with a strong mental appearance, it is actually weak like tofu (bean curd).
It is important to note that if you don't want to do anything, you're going to have to be very upset.
In the film, Chizuru, who lives in a futile state, meets Yurika and Yamashita, who are played by Yuko NIIKI, and is depicted as changing in the face of them.
This is the first time a TV series has appeared in a Fuji TV drama, such as the NHK serial novel "Toto and sister-chan" (April to October 2016) and the TBS series "Black Pean" (April to April 2018).
He said, "I hope that because I have a lot of roles that don't make me fall in love, this time I want to enjoy my performance with Chizuru Kaga, and I'm looking forward to myself to creating this "Motocaremania" world with all the cast members of the cast and staff. I'm glad to be a drama like 10 o'clock every Thursday."
It was also decided that a new junior employee of Chikaku, Hattori spinning, would be played by Okura karuto (17).
The youngest member of the cast, Okura, is shown to be a young, frescoed actor.
GQ Men's 10 Days on Day 9 (GQ Japan) - Yahoo News.
The only way to move is by skateboarding!
It's been a while since my friends asked me to start slipping.
I'm still a beginner, but I feel good when I run through Asphalt with a push.
Philson's hunting jacket is useful because it can be hand-free with smartphones, wallet, or luggage.
It's good to feel the wind direct when you're wearing shorts.
In addition, the feet are lightly skinned with a concourse skateboard.
Fashion and culture around the skateboards are cool, so I'll check the magazines and Instas carefully!
The haircut also came to visit the salon run by a skater hairdresser in Yuten-ji Temple.
I'm being stimulated by the fact that I've been taught a lot of tricks and skateboarding information that I can't afford.
After school, it's our routine to walk around town with friends and skateboards.
TEL03-5413-6957 "TEL03-5791-1501" "TEL03-5791-1501" "TEL03-3464-2109" "Sox 1800" "CHICSTOCKS/NO Design TEL03-6677-6030" "Sneaker 122,000" "CONSEKER SARDINGS" "CONSEKER 819-217" "Ink TEL03-5791-1501" "Shots 6800" "PROPPER/Hi!" "Standard TEL03-3464-2109"
The Minister of Health, the Hansen disease family, and the three ministries negotiate to resolve discrimination in Shizuoka Shinbun Atoes.
The Minister of Health and Welfare Katsunobu Kato announced at a press conference on 27 October that he would meet with the families of Hansen's former patients on 2 October.
They also announced that they would hold discussions with the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of Education, Science and Technology and the Ministry of Justice on the same day to resolve discrimination and prejudice against former patients and families.
Mr. Kato said, "I want to listen to your family's voice and work hard to solve the problem."
In June, the Kumamoto District Court ordered 541 plaintiffs to pay approximately 376 million yen.
The Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe, announced his dismissal and the verdict was confirmed.
He also worked as a civil rights advocate for human rights and human rights.
A chance for a man's model.
"Model Special Audition 2019" (Debu) - Yahoo! News.
In addition to being a member of the NASCAR team, he is also a member of the NASCAR team, as well as a member of the NASCAR team, as well as a member of the NASCAR team.
SOS model agency: Kenshi TANIGUCHI
Men's Non-No (Shueisha) exclusive model and starred in the film Katuben! (which was scheduled to be released on December 13, 2013) as well as in the film Men's Non-No (Shueisha) and Sonny Music Artists, which was highly regarded as an actor by Ryoshi Narita.
While working as an advertising model for YojiyamatoroundY/s'yte, Katashi TANIGUCHI, who appeared in the film "Kamen Rider Amazons" as Amazon Alpha/Hito TAKayama, and the stage "Joker Game Game" as Lieutenant Colonel Yuki, belonged to the 'SOS model agency.'
Jiden of 'Token Ranmai' on stage - Nichihinoha yo Chiruramu - Jiro Tachi-yaku, Hyperprojection drama 'Haiku!!' on stage Series: Hotaru TSUKIJIMA and others 'Junes' on the 2.5-dimensional stage belonging to Ryotaro KOSAKA.
She is a model for Amazon Fashon Week and fashion magazine Editorial, and is currently a member of NVRMND inc. by Sodairo ANNAGA, who is active in various brands such as UNIQLO, Nike, and Adidas.
He has appeared in commercials such as WEGO, Colopra, LineB612, TikTok, Johnson & Johnson, and others, including "Prestage", "Sunmedical" commercials, and the stage "Sweet Demon", "Akimachi Twilight" and "Every Gold - Despair Flowerwords".
She has also appeared in many women's magazines, including Popeye's Smart and Men's Fashion magazine.
A number of model offices, such as LOOKBOOK and HAYASE, which are active in a wide range of domestic and international brands, participate.
A manuscript written in his own hand before Akutagawa's suicide was released to the public for the first time; a theory of weakness and sadness; Shizuoka Shinbun Atoe.
The manuscript written by Ryunosuke AKUTAGAWA, which was first opened to the public at the Tanbata Bunshimura Memorial Museum.
Ryunosuke AKUTAGAWA (1892–1927), a novelist, wrote a manuscript of his essay 'Zoku Bungei, too literary' which he published in his last years when he had a fight with Junichiro TANIZAKI, and the Tanabata Bunshimura Memorial Museum in Kita Ward, Tokyo, entered it until the 27th.
It has been exhibited at the museum since October 1.
It was the first time that a full-length edition of the book had been published, and it was the first time that a full-length edition of the book had been published.
It is believed that he wrote it a few months before Akutagawa committed suicide, and a researcher at the Memorial Museum, Jo Tanei, said that "Autagawa, who has been weakened both in mind and body, can see how he faces serious literary difficulties with a sorrowful preparedness."
A total of 12 essays on 200-character manuscripts were published in the April 27 edition of Literary Spring and Autumn.
"Greta Toombelli: Why adults laugh and threaten children".
Greta Thunberg, a Swedish environmental activist, gave a speech at the United Nations Climate Action Summit in New York City on 23 September.
While the speech is noteworthy, there is an insult to Mr. Greta.
Greta Toonberg, "Why adults laugh and threaten children?"
A political commentator on the American television show said that he was mentally ill. He was used by his parents and international left wing.
In Japan, there are many comments on Greta, such as "Poor Greta" and "You should go to school", which are not part of Greta's statement.
On September 26, Greta posted on her Twitter account: "Why do adults spend their time laughing and threatening teenagers and children?"
I've come up with as many lies and conspiracy theories as I can think.
Mr. Greta started posting, "Hey, it's started again. As you know, those who hate me are as active as ever. My appearance, my clothes, my attitude, and I'm going to chase around different places. They come up with as many lies and conspiracy theories as possible."
He pointed out that adults do not want to face climate and environmental crises, so they seem to be distracting from the point of view of the story.
Honestly, I can't understand why adults spend their time laughing and threatening teenagers and children.
You'll be able to do another thing at that time.
I think they feel threatened by us.
But don't spend your time paying attention to them any more.
The world is beginning to wake up.
It's changing.
Adults don't like that change, even if they like it.
I'll meet you on the street on Friday!
On the 20th of the previous week, there were strikes on climate change in New York City and other parts of the world.
Mr. Greta called for a Friday of the 27th.
Huff Post Japanese Edition.
Yahoo News - Yahoo News.
Akita TV's 432nd Broadcast Program Council (Chairman of Kiyohiko EBATAKE) was held and on August 16, the editor, cooking expert and celebrity, recommended the curry of Akita, which is really delicious.
The show featured a specially designed curry shop, a point of enjoying professional taste at home, and a spoiled retort curry story.
Some members of the committee expressed interest in "simple and clear concepts and themes", while others, such as the appearance of curry pan, and the appearance of curry pan, could be seen from a different perspective from the glume site, suggested that "the reenactment of the drama was long" and that "the professional curry-making one-point advice was needed".
Rikuya HOSHINO uses the experience of "Rough lawn has become a study that is different from normal" to aim at the winner of the prize inverted (Golf Network) - Yahoo News.
In the final round of the Japan-Korea Tour, at the Bear's Best Cheongna Golf Club (7238 yards per 71) in South Korea, Rikuya Hoshino finished with a single Eagle, two Birdies, and one Boggy "68" and finished with a fifth place overall, nine under the Japanese.
I'm coming to Japan!
Garcia's wedgeshot.
I thought I was able to extend it to a certain extent in the first half of the year, but I was sorry because I couldn't stretch it because I couldn't get a good pattern.
- Eagle number six, and Birdy number seven?
Even after hitting the bogie in number four, there was still a par 5, so if I was trying to get it back, I would have a chip-in-eagle in number six.
In the seventh episode, Burdy was given a chance, but I regret that I couldn't stretch it in the second half.
- Have you got anything at the convention?
It's good that Fairway was able to keep it steady even on a narrow course because it's not in good shape recently.
Ruff was also a course that had a disparity of attitude and inversion, and the way of shooting and distance, so he didn't have much (experience) experience, so he studied very well.
- What's the difference from the usual convention?
It's possible to take a camera.
I didn't care about it at all, but I had a lot of pictures and videos for the gallery.
It wasn't until a few years later that the team was able to compete in the competition, but it was not until a few years later that it was decided that it would be the best team to compete in the competition.
In the second half of the game, if you don't want to win more than one prize, you can't go to the next round, but you can't go to the next round, and you can't go to the next round, and you can't go to the next round, and you can't go to the next round and you can't go to the next round.
What kind of way to prevent dementia from leaving something like forgetting?
News/Watanabe Yo
A number of pharmaceutical companies and universities have attempted to develop the drug.
However, it has become apparent that the relationship between dementia and living habits is being elucidated, and there is a possibility that they may be able to remain extremely mild and forgetful.
I talked to Professor Shunsuke OTSUKI at Kinki University Hospital.
No dementia.
- Dementia prevention or therapeutic medication is expected, but what is it?
Otsuki, regardless of the degree of difference from mild to severe, may become dementia when everyone gets older.
However, it is thought to take more than 20 years to develop new dementia drugs.
The drug Donepezil, which is commonly used in Japan, is already out of insurance in some overseas countries, and is not expected to have any significant cure effect.
On the other hand, people have become able to live longer, as mortality due to infection and accidents has decreased, and cancer death has decreased due to a variety of advances in the treatment of anticancer.
Therefore, it is also true that the number of dementia patients is increasing.
It is not only possible to solve this problem by itself or by family, but also necessary to establish a community-wide environment where people can live comfortably in the area.
The method to keep things to the extent of forgetting.
- Are there people who are susceptible to dementia?
Otsuki, even if it is inevitable to become a dementia, you might be able to suppress the symptoms as much as you can, to the extent of forgetting things.
Dementia is considered to be one of the habits of life, and tends to be easier for people.
First, people with metabolism tend to be prone to dementia.
Dementia is regarded as one of living habits.
It's a combination of obesity, high blood pressure, diabetes, and high cholesterol.
It also affects economic power.
For example, in the United States, there are regions where food tickets are distributed to the poor, but food is available for freezing hamburgers, pizza and chicken.
No gas or electricity can be used, and people who live in an environment where food is not available can be used in the first place.
Then, it becomes a diet with less vegetable and protein and becomes a life biased against lipids and sugars.
In the end, she is very poor, but becomes obese, and when she does, she has no choice but to watch TV and her body becomes unlucky.
A similar situation can be found in Japan.
Other people who don't think about things and who don't work tend to be more likely to become dementia.
In other words, to prevent dementia, it is necessary to read books from day to day to think about things that are not metabolized.
In Osaka, Okayama sightseeing and specialty PR Bicchu Marche Mankido VR also appears: Sanyo Shinbun Digital
The 'Bicchu Marche' (sponsored by the Ministry of Popular Affairs of Bicchu Prefecture, etc.), which publicized sightseeing spots and specialty products in the Bicchu area, started on 27th in the square of JR Osaka Station for two days.
At the beginning of the month, the city of Niimi, which suffered heavy local rainfall, set up a virtual reality (VR) experience corner in Mankido, which attracted people in the Kansai area.
The seven cities of Kurashiki, Kasaoka, Ihara, Soja, Niimi, Asaguchi and Yagake participated.
There were corners such as Uchiwa-zukuri using a masking tape (Kurashiki City), Denimki Holder (Ihara City), and Mankagami-zukuri (Asakuchi City), which was named after the telescope of the astronomical observatory, and the station users stopped by.
As a result, the VR experience in the cave caused visitors to use their own goggles to pose a pseudo-study in the cave.
A woman in Itami City, Hyogo Prefecture (52), said, 'If you turn left, you can see the scenery on the left, and if you look right, you can see the scenery on the right, and you really feel like you're walking inside. If you have a chance, I'd like to experience a real bizarre cave.'
Kigenji, Kenpyo no Ben, Kino Tomishi's younger brother, guidance and departure act, Shizuoka Shinbun Atoes.
On the 28th, MINAMOTO no Yoshiharu MAKOUCHI, the younger brother of the twins of the ten ryo kino-fuji, who had been urged by the Japan Sumo Association to voluntarily retire by assaulting a sumo wrestler at the Grand Sumo Tournament, said that he was punished for the act of deviating from the range of instruction, saying, 'I will take it firmly. I will start from a minus, not from a place where I come from.'
He was interviewed at the Tokyo and Ryogoku Kokugikan (Japan's national art museum) which participated in the Hanazumo tournament.
Kino Fuji held a press conference on the 27th, hoping to continue his work.
He said that he would "stop talking" if he didn't know what was going on, and that he would not be able to do it again.
He said, "It's the same thing that I grew up, but I don't think I'm the same person."
Jaguar F-PACE, the first major improvement, the possibility of hybridization (response) - Yahoo News.
Jaguar's first crossover SUV, F-PACE (F-Pace), was the first camera to detect an improved prototype in southern Europe.
F-PACE is the origin of the four-seater concept SUV C-X17, which was first released in 2013.
A five-seater version was released in 2014, and debuted at the 2015 Frankfurt Motor Show as the F-Pace.
It will be the first edition of the series to be released in 2016, and will be the first edition of the series.
The prototypes captured are covered with thick camouflage, but some new designs can be seen.
The headlights are more compact and lightly designed, and the side air intakes appear to be modified to a sporty elliptical shape.
The grille is completely disguised, but it will certainly be redesigned.
In the rear end, some of the reworked tail lights can be seen with a long, narrow reverse light on the top.
It is possible that a large-sided design, like the current model, may have been compactly modified.
In the cabin, the company's Pivi Pro touchscreen infotation system is expected to be installed, and new digital clusters, HVAC control screens, steering wheels, and gear selectors will be refreshed.
Powertrain is expected to be a hybridized 3.0 litre inline six-cylinder engine, as well as a 2.0 litre inline four-cylinder turbo diesel.
The World Premiere is going to be in 2020.
The company that offers 300 million yen to its former assistant in the construction related to the nuclear power plant - Shizuoka Shinbun Atoes
Head office of Kansai Electric Power Co., Ltd. = Osaka City (from Kyodo-shinsha Heli) on the afternoon of the 27th
Seicho YAGI of Kansai Electric Power (69) and others received money from Eiji MORIYAMA, the former assistant of Takahama-cho, Fukui Prefecture, where the Sekiden Takahama nuclear power plant was located, and it was found that the local construction company that provided the Moriyama clan with about 300 million yen had greatly increased sales in the last few years due to the order of the construction related to the nuclear power plant.
The construction company was founded in 1981 as Yoshida Development.
According to a survey conducted by the Trust Company, sales in August 2013 were 350 million yen, but in August 2015, sales exceeded 1 billion yen, and in August 2018, sales exceeded 2.1 billion yen.
Most of the power plant's work was done by electric generators.
He was arrested on suspicion of intimidating a man (KTS Kagoshima TV) - Yahoo News.
On the 24th of this month, a 33-year-old unemployed man was arrested on suspicion of "driving in a wheelchair" and threatening to kill a man who was driving the car.
He was arrested on suspicion of intimidation by a suspect, Katsu MIYAHARA (33), who was absent at 4 Chome, Karaminato, Kagoshima City.
According to the police, the suspect of Miyahara was suspected of threatening a man at the intersection of the national road in Kagoshima City, where he repeatedly chased a 24-year-old man driving a car after midnight this day.
On the 25th, a man filed a victim's report and the police proceeded to investigate, but on the 26th, Miyahara suspects were escorted to the police station by a friend who said that "the footage of the driver was taken up and scary on TV and SNS."
A suspect in Miyahara confessed to the charges and said that he had been "tried to brake" the motive.
The police are investigating the suspicion that Miyahara suspects were driving without a license.
It is the first time that a newsletter has been released on the same day that Keiichiro Oyama's food is distributed.
"Tokyo MX: Keiichiro Oyama's Konda no Border 30" (in Japanese).
On September 27, the third episode of Tokyo MX aired, 'BORDER30, a healthy person led by Keiichiro OYAMA's specialist, which Keiichiro OYAMA of the NEWS serves as the MC.
A commentary came from the Oyama who finished the recording.
Look at the image.
To be healthy in the future, it is important to spend 30 years in my thirties...to learn about health by Keiichiro OYAMA!
The show is about a 35-year-old boy who starts worrying about his health, learning what he wants to know about his health.
The show features a variety of specialists in different fields, who answer questions from small mountains and guests.
The theme is "Vitamin".
The guests are Naoko NOZAWA and Diana Extrabaganza, who learn about the types of vitamins and their work.
In order to make sure that Oyama, who has been taking care of his health since the day, is short of vitamins, there is also a plan to open a daily meal.
After completing the recording, Koyama commented, "I don't think I know how much Vitamin is involved in my health, and I want you to resolve the misunderstandings I have about vitamins that I can't take only certain vitamins."
He worked as a pacemaker at Nagai Elementary School and Land with Mr. Onsarigo's help, and three of them set a new record for the competition.
The girls run 800 metres.
To the left is the pacemaker, Joseph Onsarigo-Nagai City, Koyo Seiki Athlete Field Nagai.
On the 26th, the Nagai Municipal Elementary School's Goodwill Athletic Tournament was held in Nagai, Koyo Seiki Athlete Field, Nagai, Nagai, in Nagai City, and was part of a race run by Nasu Construction's long-distance runner Joseph Onsarigo (27) from Kenya.
In a light run, he set three new world records.
Mr. Onsaligo pulled the child in four races: the men's 1000 metres and the women's 800 metres.
The men's record stood at 2:34.38, while the women's record stood at 3:34.38, while the women's record stood at 2:34.17, while the women's record stood at 2:35.73.
"It's hard to keep up with a fast on-saligo player," Kooseki said, "The on-saligo player called me "paced up."
The on-saligo player was delighted that "the children were running well. I had a perfect job."
It was the 39th time the school hosted a sports promotion event in Nagai City, Japan, in order to promote the friendship of the sixth grade of elementary school in the city.
"I've got three times in red and white" (Sports News) - Yahoo!
Actors such as Hidetoshi Nishishima (48) and Toshiyuki Nishida (71) and Akira NAKAO (77) performed their first public farewell to the film "Ninkyo Gakuen" (Ninkyo Gakuen) (originally written by Toshi IMANO and directed by Hisashi KIMURA) in Shinjuku, Tokyo on the 27th.
It is a humorous and personal comedy comedy.
Nishida not only performed the song but also performed it as an insert song in an arrangement with the Tokyo Scaparadise Orchestra.
The film's title is a reference to the film's title track, "What I've seen in the past is that I've seen a lot of melancholy in the past."
Nishida was so proud that he appeared three times in the past "Red and White." If you could, I would rather say that he was an actor than a singer. (Nakao's) level is different.
He promised to perform a seika (a live song) by saying, 'If this movie is full of people's thanks, then it's time.'
New York City: New York City's New York City's New York City's New York City's New York City Department of Education.
People around classrooms that became the setting for movies depicting the future in 3,000 years: former Uchiyamashita Elementary School
The international art exhibition 'Okayama Art Exchange 2019' which takes place every three years in the center of Okayama City opened on 27th.
Along with the mysterious title "IF THE SNAKE If the Snake", the group enjoys leading art by 18 artists from nine countries, both domestic and international.
This was the second time in 16 years that the French artist Pierre Huig took over as artistic director and developed the works that utilized Okayama's climate and local resources.
About 40 films and stereotypes are shown in 13 locations, such as the former Uchiyama-shita-ko (Marunouchi, Kita Ward, Okayama City) and the Tenjinzan Culture Plaza (Tenjin-cho, Tenjin-cho).
Before the opening of the show, there was a small opening ceremony, attended by about a hundred people.
Mayor Masao OMORI, the chairman of the executive board, and general producers Yasuharu ISHIKAWA said, 'A collection of works with intellectual sensitivity and imagination and creativity. If it is an exhibition that attracts attention from the world,' and cut the tape.
In addition, the school's students and students are encouraged to take part in the construction of a new school building, which will be built on the site of a new school building, which will be built over a thousand years later.
He was very interested in art in the other world.
His first year of high school in Tokyo, where he was traveling with his father, said, "It's interesting to make use of the atmosphere of the old school building. I'll imagine the time when it flowed into this place."
It is closed until November 24 (the next day in the case of national holidays).
In Hong Kong, the umbrella movement in five years gathers tens of thousands of people for the general election in Shizuoka Newspaper Attes.
Five years after the 'Ukasa Movement' started, people who gathered at the meeting hall = 28th, Hong Kong (co-operation)
On 28 May 2014, a large-scale demonstration, the Rain umbrella Movement, called for a democratization of the Hong Kong Administrative Council, took place in a park near the headquarters of the Hong Kong Government in Admiralty, where the demonstration was the largest in the country.
In the vicinity of the venue, some young people occupied the main road and threw flames at the government building.
While protests continued, starting with the amendment to the 'Fugitive Crimes Ordinance,' participants decided to fight until a "true universal election" could not be won at that time.
In June, more than 79 days after the rain umbrella movement, the demand of the demonstrators increased to "five major demands" such as electoral reform.
New York: New York Times, New York: New York Times. pp. 28.
At the 74th National Sports Congress, Iki Ibaraki Yume Kokutai 2019 was held on 28 October at the Kasamatsu Athletic Stadium in Hitachinaka City, Ibaraki Prefecture, and 11 days of hot fighting began on 8 October.
At the end of the season, there are around 400 athletes and managers from all over the country who compete in 33 sports except for the pre-season games.
The club had been relegated to the top level for three years, but had been relegated to the top level for the last three years.
It is expected to be the first national sports event to be held in the country in 2023, and will be the 20th largest in the country.
In the preliminary round of the tournament held on the 16th, the new gymnastics girl Saga High School and the gymnastics girl and the boys and girls all finished in sixth place.
I'd like to go to the top of every race.
At the opening ceremony, 83 players, managers, and the headquarters board of the prefectural government marched into the 40th place, and Kugo Ishikawa (Kudaka SAGA), a young rugby player, became the flag bearer.
On the first day, there are three competitions: wrestling, table tennis and karate.
