Nana Suzuki, # 2 in the "Hate Women Ranking," confesses to a botched episode such as "too rude body touch" (Television) - Yahoo! news
On Monday, September 30, "Fujiwara sensei, don't be like me!!" (every Monday at midnight: 20-0: 50, TV Asahi), Nana Suzuki took the stage as "Fujiwara sensei."
I'm going to tell you a little story about how the studio was abuzz.
[see photos] Is everyone in the studio pulling a dong?
Nana Suzuki demonstrates "too rude body touch"
In addition, the full version of the class and the Comedy Research Department will be delivered on AbemaTV's "Abema Video" from 0: 50 a.m. immediately after the terrestrial broadcast.
In this broadcast, Suzuki appears as "a teacher who was disliked by the world without knowing if he was doing his best."
Suzuki made her modeling debut in a gal magazine in 2007 at the age of 18.
Since his first appearance on a TV show in 2011, he has been lively and active in variety with high tension talk and overreaction.
This year in Reiwa, Suzuki won first place in the "variety and other categories" of the "dislike women ranking" published in a weekly magazine.
In addition, it is said that he was elected to the second place in the whole entertainment industry.
As a result, Suzuki reveals that her mother was shocked and her husband was also messed with at work, causing trouble for her family.
In the class, we look back at Suzuki's career as a talent and how she got to the top of the "hated woman ranking."
It is said that in the background of Suzuki's excessive talk and reaction, there was a word from a senior entertainer.
In addition, Suzuki escalated the radicalization not only by reaction but also by "all-out body touch" and "all-out bottom story."
In the past, Suzuki demonstrated the body touch that he had done to a big co-star, but the whole studio was shaken by the rudeness.
Then, immediately after the terrestrial broadcast, the full version of the class and the comedy research department were delivered.
Suzuki's Gyarsa (Gyaru's circle) The funny episodes of the era and the "private secret story with my husband" that I was revealing to liven up the scene will also be revealed candidly.
The city of Setouchi added its own "Electronic Gift Certificate" to reward gifts.
Electronic Gift Certificate "e Street Gift."
The payment is made through the contact of a dedicated device.
The city of Setouchi announced on January 27 that it will add its own electronic gift certificate, "e-Town Gift," to reward gifts from the hometown tax program.
It will be available at participating stores in the city from November.
It is said to be the first municipality in the prefecture.
If the hometown tax payment is made and an electronic gift certificate is selected as a thank-you gift, 30% of the donation amount will be sent to the designated smartphone.
At the time of the purchase of the product, the screen of the gift certificate is shown, and the store side contacts the stamp type dedicated equipment to make the payment.
It is not transferable or resold.
Thank-you gifts usually require a certain amount of time from application to arrival, but electronic gift certificates can be received instantly.
It is easily accessible to tourists.
In addition to the five furusato nozei (hometown tax payment) portal sites, it is also accepted on two special sites of the city.
The company currently has 13 member stores and aims to have 100 by the end of this fiscal year.
In order to prevent excessive competition among local governments, the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications (MIC) set up a new system in June to limit the amount of thank-you gifts to less than 30 percent of the amount donated, and to regulate local products.
The city plans to make merchants, such as those dealing with local products, "within the guidelines."
The total amount of furusato nozei (hometown tax) in Setouchi City in fiscal 2018 was about 430 million yen.
Japan failed to advance to the men's 100 finals in Shizuoka Prefecture on the second day of the World Championships in Athletics.
Sanibrown Hakeem (left) will start in the men's 100m semi-finals.
Failed to reach the final = Doha (joint)
Kiryu Yoshihide (left) scores a goal in the men's 100 meters semifinal.
On the second day of the track and field world championships in Doha, Sani Brown Hakeem (University of Florida, USA), Yuki Koike (Sumitomo Electric Industries, Ltd.) and Yoshihide Kiryu (Nippon Life Insurance) did not make it to the final of the men's 100 meters semi-finals for the first time in Japan.
Japanese record holder Sani Brown finished fifth in a pair in 10.15 seconds, Koike finished seventh in two pairs in 10.28 seconds and Kiryu finished sixth in three pairs in 10.16 seconds.
In the semifinals of the men's 400 meters steeplechase, Koshun Abe (Yamada Denki) finished third in 48.97 seconds and Masaki Toyoda (Hodai) finished eighth in 50.30 seconds.
Driving in high heels is dangerous!
A number of accidents involving young people who pedal incorrectly (Auto Messe Web) - Yahoo! news
Violation of the Road Traffic Act
There has been an increase in the number of reports of accidents caused by incorrect operation, such as pedal mistakes, but it is a big mistake to think that it is only a problem for elderly drivers.
According to data from the National Police Agency in 2015, the most common type of pedal mistake occurred in 1080 cases involving people under the age of 24, exceeding the 1,032 cases involving people over the age of 75.
Mistakes by mistake are not common among the elderly, and it is important to call attention to young people in the same way.
Do you want to take a fancy look at your feet?
Do you want to take safety?
There is no description of gender ratio or cause in this data, but unlike the elderly, who are often thought to be caused by physical deterioration such as driving skills and reflexes, young people may inadvertently make mistakes due to being distracted by other things such as music or conversation, or mistake mistakes due to clothing.
Especially women choose high heels, pumps, sandals, mules, and various shoes depending on the outfit of the day, and some people drive as it is.
Some people say that it is troublesome to change shoes while knowing that it is not suitable for driving, but there are many people who do not think about the possibility that it will lead to danger at all and drive without offense.
However, driving in high heels or sandals is against the Road Traffic Act.
One is to "reliably operate the steering wheel, brake and other operations" and Article 70 "Violation of safe driving obligation" which stipulates that "you must not drive in such a way as to cause an accident and cause harm to a person."
For example, in the Miyazaki Prefectural Road Traffic Law Enforcement Regulations, Article 12 states: "do not drive a vehicle (excluding light vehicles) wearing shoes, slippers, shoes, high heels, or other footwear that may interfere with the operation of the vehicle, or wear footwear in a manner that interferes with the operation of the vehicle."
Each prefecture has the same intention to consider driving with "footwear that may interfere with driving operation" as a violation, even if it is not specified as high heels.
So why is it dangerous to drive in high heels?
That's obvious when you consider the basics of safe pedal operation.
For safe pedal operation, the heel of the foot is fixed to the floor, the foot is placed perpendicular to the brake pedal, and when stepping on the accelerator pedal, the tip of the foot is tilted to the right as a fulcrum.
At this time, regardless of the behavior of the car, it is important to firmly fix the heel so that it does not shake.
However, in high heels, the area where the heel touches the floor is small, and it is always wobbly, and because the whole foot is angled at the height of the heel, the area of the foot that touches the pedal is also small, and it is difficult to make fine adjustments.
This is thought to lead to danger.
In addition, most cars have floor carpets, but the heels of high heels are easy to catch on this material, and when the heel is caught in a sudden brake, the pedal can not be stepped on, or the high heels can be taken off at the time when the heel is caught, and it may be stuck in the back of the pedal and can not be stepped on.
In addition, there are cases where the heel gets caught on the back side of the pedal when returning after stepping on the pedal, and the accelerator pedal does not return.
Toyota and Subaru to become equity method affiliates to accelerate joint development of new AWD vehicles and 86 / BRZ next models (Response) - Yahoo! news
On September 27, Toyota Motor Corporation (TMC) and Subaru Corporation (Subaru) agreed on a new business capital alliance.
Toyota will acquire additional Subaru shares and make the company an equity method affiliate.
Since entering into a business alliance agreement in 2005, the two companies have worked together on a wide range of projects, including the contract production of Toyota vehicles by Subaru, the supply of vehicles from Toyota to Subaru, and the joint development of the 86 and BRZ FR sports cars.
In June of this year, the companies also agreed to develop an EV-only platform and EV vehicle using Subaru's all-wheel drive (AWD) technology and Toyota's electrification technology.
Under the business capital tie-up, Toyota will acquire an additional stake in Subaru.
Toyota currently holds 16.83% of Subaru's voting rights, but will acquire additional shares until it reaches 20%.
Subaru will become an affiliate of Toyota under the equity method.
On the other hand, Subaru will acquire Toyota shares equivalent to the amount required for Toyota to acquire Subaru shares (up to 80 billion yen).
The two companies will develop and strengthen their cooperative relationship through a business capital alliance.
We will promote joint development of the AWD model and the next 86 / BRZ model, expansion of the use of the Toyota Hybrid System (THS) in Subaru vehicles, cooperation in the connected field, and technical cooperation in the field of automated driving.
The U.S. has received at least 18,000 refugees for the third year in a row.
Washington, Sept. 26 (UPI) -- The U.S. State Department announced Monday it plans to reduce the maximum number of refugees it accepts from around the world to 18,000 for the 2020 fiscal year, which runs from October 19 to September 20.
It will be the third year in a row to update the lowest number since 1980, when the Refugee Act was enacted.
Looking ahead to next year's presidential election, the Trump administration is aiming to appeal to conservatives with its strict immigration and refugee policies.
With people constantly being forced to flee their countries in various parts of the country, it is inevitable that there will be criticism from human rights groups and others.
The previous Obama administration set a cap of 110,000 for fiscal 2017, but the Trump administration, which took office in January 2017, overturned the cap and cut it to 50,000.
The number has continued to decrease year by year, from 45,000 in fiscal 2018 to 30,000 in fiscal 2019.
Price increases at unlicensed childcare facilities free of charge, Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare confirms: Hokkaido Shimbun newspaper
Before the start of free early childhood education and childcare in October, the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare (MHLW) sent a written notice to prefectures and ordinances across the country to check whether there are any similar cases and to provide guidance as needed.
According to the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare (MHLW), several facilities have confirmed that they will only increase the usage fee for children aged three or older who are eligible for subsidies, and that they will raise the price from October.
There have also been complaints about free-of-charge call centres set up by the Cabinet Office.
The Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare says "there should be no price increase for no reason."
"D-8" Flame of 100th National Sports Festival burns in Dokdo (South Korea) - Yahoo! news
The Olympic flame was lit in Dokdo (Dokdo, Japanese name: Takeshima), the easternmost island of the Republic of Korea, to announce the 100th National Sports Festival.
The city of Seoul held a torch ignition event to commemorate the National Sports Festival at 6: 30 a.m. on June 26 at the Helicopter Landing Ground of the Dokdo Guard in Ullun County, Gyeongsangbuk-do.
It was the first time in 15 years since the 85th National Sports Festival was held in Chungbuk in 2004 that the Olympic flame was lit in Dokdo.
Following the kite raising performance to pray for peace, Kim Song Hwang, vice president of the Seoul City Council, read out the declaration.
"I stood on Dokdo Island to remember the past 99 years of the National Sports Festival and praise the will for national self-determination," Kim said.
The greeting of the head of Ulleung County also continued.
"recently, for no reason in Japan, we have tightened our economy and insisted that Dokdo is our territory," said Kim Byung-soo, head of Ulleung County.
Vice Chairman Kim and the head of Kim County continued to light the torch together.
The torch was passed through the hands of Cho Seong-ho, head of the Sports Promotion Division in Seoul, who undertook the torch, to the first runners, Ho Won-seok, head of the Dokdo Security Headquarters, and Oh Joseph, a member of the team.
The Dokdo torch lighting event had been scheduled to take place on the 21st, but was postponed to this date due to the northward movement of Typhoon Faxai.
"it is sad and difficult, but we are working with pride that no one can protect our territory," said Ho Won-seok, who has been working in Dokdo since January. "it is an honor to be able to participate as a runner in the Torch Relay in Dokdo to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the Games."
Captain Ho took over from the Helicopter landing site to the middle of Dokdo, and O took over from the halfway point to the dock.
The torch will travel to Ulleungdo Island, where Kim Sung-ho, a resident of Ulleungdo County, and the head of Kim County will relay to Seoul.
The torch ceremony began on June 22 at Tek-kham Star Altar on Ganghwado Island.
Because it is the 100th time, the Torch Relay will also be held at the largest scale in history.
The torch will travel around Incheon (Incheon), Goyang and Suwon.
The torch of Ganghwa Island will be combined with the special ignition held in Imjingak, Malad and Dokdo in Seoul Square on the 29th of this month, and will be set ablaze as a fireworks display.
Meanwhile, Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon told a media briefing on Wednesday that "this is a time when the power of collective intelligence is important, not just a few heroes," adding that "that's why we decided on the basic concept of the National Sports Festival as well as' many stars'."
Summit between South Korea and Bulgaria to discuss measures to expand cooperation in nuclear power and defense industries (Yonhap News) - Yahoo!
Seoul, April 27 (SEOUL = Yonhap News) South Korean President Moon Jae-in met Bulgarian Prime Minister Borisov, who is on an official visit to South Korea, at the presidential Blue House on Thursday to discuss ways to expand substantive cooperation between the two countries.
This is the first visit to Korea by a Bulgarian Prime Minister.
National Graduate Institute for Policy Studies (grips); Institute for Advanced Studies on Asia (IASA), The University of Tokyo President Moon Jae-in welcomed the visit ahead of the 30th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations next year and highly appreciated the leadership of Prime Minister Borissov, who is leading the development of Bulgaria.
The two leaders appreciated the fact that trade and investment between the two countries have continued to increase despite the growing protectionism in the world, and agreed to make joint efforts to expand economic cooperation in the future.
He welcomed Bulgaria's decision to grant the status of a "strategic investor" to Korean companies, and said he hoped that this would encourage Korean companies to invest in Bulgaria.
He also stressed that Korea can be the best partner for Bulgaria as Bulgaria promotes the introduction of nuclear power plants and the modernization of its national defense, and called for interest and cooperation so that Korean companies can participate in the Bulgarian government's order for nuclear power plants and the promotion of the defense industry.
In addition, the two leaders agreed to strengthen future-oriented cooperation in the fields of electric vehicle (EV) batteries and auto parts and renewable energy.
Prime Minister Borissov also expressed his hope for close cooperation in the fields of ICT (information and communication technology), science and technology, and education, which South Korea is leading.
The peace process on the Korean Peninsula was also discussed, and President Moon expressed gratitude that Bulgaria has so far supported the South Korean government's efforts to consolidate peace on the Korean Peninsula, including issuing statements in support of the inter-Korean and U.S.-North Korea summits.
Prime Minister Borisov appreciated President Moon's will to build a peace regime on the Korean Peninsula and the efforts of the South Korean government, and reiterated the firm support of the Bulgarian government.
The meeting was also attended by Yunmo Sung, Minister of Trade, Industry and Energy, Hosun Lee, chief economic secretary of Chongwadae (President's Office), and Hyun-jung Kim, second deputy director of the National Security Office.
On behalf of Kang Kyung-wha, Minister of Foreign Affairs of the United States and China, Cho Se-young, First Vice Minister of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, was also in attendance.
(Teikoku Databank) - Yahoo! news Kinki Ceramics Co., Ltd., a local manufacturer of Awaji tiles in Hyogo Prefecture, has filed for quasi-bankruptcy, with debts of approximately 2 billion yen.
It was also affected by the sluggishness of the housing market and the fact that "consumers moved away from tiled roofs" due to repeated damage from the earthquake.
Kinki Ceramics Co., Ltd. (TDB Company Code: 530173983; Capital: 99.2 million yen; 881-8 Otani, Awaji City, Hyogo Prefecture; President: Kozo Fukuhara; 44 employees) filed for quasi-bankruptcy in the Kobe District Court on August 30.
Daichi Yoshida (1-10-8 Nishitenma, Kita-ku, Osaka-shi, Osaka; Daichi Yoshida Law Office, Tel: 06-6365-6038) and one other attorney represented the applicant.
The company was founded in June 1895 (Meiji 28) and reorganized as a corporation in April 1961 (Showa 36).
At first, he started a business as a manufacturer of Ibushi tile, a local industry in Awaji Island, in Nishitan-cho, Mihara County (now Minami Awaji City) under the trade name of Kinki Ceramics Co., Ltd.
In October 1986, the company absorbed Kyowa Ceramics Co., Ltd. and took over the business of Kinki Sangyo Co., Ltd. at the same time, it changed its name and moved its head office to its current location.
After that, sales offices were opened in Fukuyama City, Hiroshima City, Oita City, Miyazaki City, etc., and the current system was established.
The company has built a wide range of sales bases mainly in western Japan, including major house manufacturers, building material trading companies, and roofing contractors, and recorded annual sales of approximately 3,116 million yen in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004.
He had a considerable reputation as one of the top tile makers in Awaji Island.
However, due to the sluggishness in the housing market since the Lehman shock and the repeated damage caused by the Great East Japan Earthquake and the Kumamoto Earthquake, demand has been sluggish, and annual sales for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 fell to approximately 1,345 million yen.
On the profit side, in addition to a decline in profit margins due to the surge in fuel prices, the company was saddled with an excessive amount of interest-bearing debt associated with inventory burdens and capital investment, resulting in a continuous deficit, and was forced to make tough financial decisions.
For this reason, although it was trying to rebuild its business by asking financial institutions to ease the terms of repayment of loans, there were no signs of a recovery in business conditions, and its financial position gradually became tight.
I came here and gave up the business continuity because I could not support it, and this was the measure of this time.
The debt is currently under investigation and is expected to be about 2 billion yen.
The Prefectural Dinosaur Museum in Katsuyama City, Fukui Prefecture, which is promoting the "industrialization of tourism" (photographed by Japanese aerial photography and small drone)
Katsuyama City, Fukui Prefecture, announced on September 25 that it plans to acquire approximately 25,300 square meters of land adjacent to the construction site of the road station "Dinosaur Valley Katsuyama," which is scheduled to open next spring.
In order to accelerate the "industrialization of tourism" advocated by the city and the local business community, the city aims to attract hotels and restaurants that specialize in lodging.
On the same day, the director of the special committee for attracting visitors to the city council explained.
In addition to the opening of the Hokuriku Shinkansen in the spring of 2023, the entire prefecture section of the Chubu Jukan Expressway will be opened, and the Prefectural Dinosaur Museum (Katsuyama City) will be expanded, renovated and enhanced.
It will be acquired by a private idle land on the east side of the road station construction site.
It is surrounded by the Kuzuryu River, Takinami River and prefectural roads, and is more than twice the size of a roadside station (about 12,000 square meters).
In the name of the development of the industrial complex, the City Land Development Corporation will negotiate the land from this fiscal year, and after acquiring the land, the land will be created in FY2009.
According to the city, private businesses, including a farmhouse restaurant and a harvesting experience facility, as well as fast food and restaurants, have already approached the city about expanding into the area.
As for accommodations, the city also announced that it has made a bid to attract accommodation-specific hotels adjacent to roadside stations planned by Sekisui House throughout Japan.
Sekisui House plans to expand to three locations in Fukui Prefecture, but several other cities and towns have indicated their intention to attract it, and there is a possibility of competing with it.
The city also plans to build a parking lot.
Some members called for an increase in speed, saying that "the maintenance schedule is slow," and others pointed out that "there is no land that will fall asleep (unsold)."
Mikio Mizukami, deputy mayor of the city, called it a "tourism-themed industrial complex" and said, "We will do our best to attract hotels and other attractions such as the Prefectural Dinosaur Museum and Ski Jam Katsuyama."
On the seventh day of the autumn Hokushinetsu High School Baseball Tournament in Fukui Prefecture, two semifinal games will be played at the Fukui Prefectural Stadium on September 28.
If you win, you get a ticket to the Hokushinetsu Tournament, an important game.
Tsuruga Kibi, the only remaining seed school, met with the Hokuriku region.
Tsuruga, who won a close battle with Fukui Commercial in the quarter-finals, will clash with Hamizu, who is riding the momentum of the tournament.
Tsuruga Kibi, who appeared in the first game, has won everything so far in cold weather.
In the first round, they battled to a comfortable victory.
In the second round against Takefu Kogyo, Naoki Kasashima, who was active in this summer's Koshien, pitched five scoreless innings and struck out nine, showing the dignity of an ace.
He also had 15 hits in the quarterfinals against the Three Kingdoms, and was ready to take on the Hokuriku region.
[team Introduction] Tsuruga Kibi - Koshien Battery Axis
The Hokuriku region, on the other hand, has been gaining momentum with every game.
In the first round, he made a late comeback against Fujishima and escaped with a one-point lead.
In the second round, he caught up with Mikata and won by one point.
In the quarterfinals, the team exploded and defeated Seed Sakai in the cold.
The two men are fighting each other and hope to win the Hokushinetsu Shinkansen ticket.
[team Introduction] Hokuriku - A batting lineup with explosive power
Tsuruga, who appeared in the second game, went on to win the baseball game with a defense centered on the battery.
In the first round against Wakasa, the pitching staff stepped up and won by the fewest points.
He also conceded two goals in the second round against Takefu.
In the quarterfinals, it was a very close match with seed Fukui Commerce 10-9, but they should have strengthened their confidence by beating a talented school.
In the Battle of Sekigahara, he took part in the Battle of Sekigahara, the Battle of Sekigahara, the Battle of Sekigahara, and the Battle of Sekigahara.
[team Introduction] Tsuruga - The winning machine on the battery axis
On the other hand, Hasui defeated the seeded Fukui University of Technology Fukui in the first round.
At the end of the fourth quarter, the Buckeyes came back from a 14-point deficit to win the game.
The middle axis batting, which the director says has "destructive power," is also noteworthy in the semifinals.
[team Introduction] Hasui - middle axis batting with destructive power
Quarter-finals (September 28)
Tsuruga Kibi - Hokuriku (10: 00 a.m.)
Tsuruga - Hasui (0: 30 p.m.)
SPEEDA, Japan's canoe team fails to advance to the semifinals
Taekwondo, Matsui Takashi is 2nd SPEEDA
BITPoint, which leaked 3 billion yen worth of crypto assets, to resume service (FT Alphaville) - FT Alphaville Alphaville - FT Alphaville
In July of this year, Bitcoin (BTC) and other crypto asset exchanges "BITPoint" illegally leaked the equivalent of 3 billion yen.
Bitpoint Japan Co., Ltd., the operator of the service, announced on September 30 that it will resume sending (remittance) services for crypto assets.
It seems that certain measures have been taken, including measures to prevent recurrence.
In July this year, BITPoint leaked Bitcoins and Ripple
Bitpoint Japan Co., Ltd., which operates the crypto asset exchange BITPoint, announced on September 27 that it plans to resume sending (remittance) services for crypto assets at around 14: 00 on Monday, September 30.
In addition to dealing with customers who were victimized and communicating with the FSA, it seems that certain measures have been taken to prevent recurrence, including a business management system that includes security aspects.
Bitpoint Japan says, "While putting safety first, we will resume service as soon as possible and strive to restore trust from users."
In July of this year, the exchange experienced an unauthorized outflow of crypto assets worth 3 billion yen, including Bitcoin (BTC) and Ripple (XRP).
In the subsequent press conference, regarding the continuation of the business, "There is a cash and deposits balance of about 3 billion yen even after deducting compensation" and "We aim to resume service as soon as possible, assuming that user protection is the top priority."
Note: this article was originally published on "CoinPost" on September 27, 2019.
"Messi II," born in Israel, signed with the ninth club of his career (SPORT.es) - Yahoo! news
Guy Aslin, who joined Barca at the age of 12, was once dubbed "Messi II" for his often brilliant play and style.
Over time, at the age of 28, Guy Aslin joined a new team, the ninth club of his professional career.
The pearls of Cantera buried in talent
At a time when Ansu Fatih is attracting the attention of those around him, there have been many falls in the footballing world and there is a very effective example in warning that "there is no need to rush."
Despite his exceptional skills, Aslin was denied the luck he needed to succeed and signed a two-year contract with Romanian first division club Poli Iasi.
The team, whose colours are blue and white, currently sit fifth in the league.
Guy Aslin made his debut for Barca in the 2009 / 10 Copa del Rey against Cultural Leonesa at the young age of 18 years and six months.
At the end of the season, however, he terminated his contract with Barca, and from there, Aslin's long journey began.
He was never on the same team for more than two seasons.
Manchester City, Brighton and Hove Albion (on loan from City), Racing Santander, Hercules, Mallorca, Hapoel Tel Aviv, Sabadell, Kairat Almaty and now Poli Iasi gave the Israeli midfielder the opportunity to start his career again.
22 / PRNewswire-USNewswire / -- The Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (MEXT) and the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (MEXT) have signed a memorandum of understanding with the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (MEXT) to provide free childcare for children
Bereaved families of child care accidents (right) hold a press conference on the results of the "Family Support Center Project" at the Osaka Prefectural Government Office on the afternoon of March 27, 2018.
On January 27, a private survey showed that 35 percent of municipalities that implement the Family Support Center Project (Famisapo), in which the government connects parents who want to temporarily take care of their children with aid members who take care of them in private homes, have strengthened safety measures on their own.
Before children are eligible for free early childhood education and childcare from October, bereaved families of child care accidents are calling for the government to set strict standards.
The Network to Eliminate Serious Accidents in Childcare, which is made up of parents and experts who have lost children in accidents during childcare, surveyed 921 municipalities.
Responses were received from 274 municipalities.
The National Implementation Guidelines only require aid members to take emergency life-saving courses.
Darvish summed it up this season: "it's a step up in my life so far." - Yahoo! news
[departing from St. Louis, Missouri, on the 27th (Japan time) on the 28th]
Cubs pitcher Yu Darvish (33), who finished the season with no chance of making the playoffs, said in an interview, "I haven't done anything for about two days, but it's boring to watch baseball with no purpose."
He was 6-8 with a 3.98 ERA in 31 starts this season, but threw 178 2 / 3 innings with 229 strikeouts.
Especially in the second half, the pitching form was stable, and he continued to play the opposing hitter with outstanding pitching power and overwhelming ball power.
"it's definitely different now in my life, I was 33 years old and I didn't think it was going to be like that, and in spring I was thinking, 'I wonder if I'm going to end up like this, too,' but I feel like I can't believe I've come back from that and been in a better position."
I gradually got a response from the beginning of June.
"the more I was able to do every day, the more I was able to do one thing a day."
There has been trial and error, but by challenging his own hypotheses one after another, his condition has improved markedly, and his grades have improved along with it.
"I was able to throw all year without being on the injured list," he said, which also helped his confidence.
"I'm going to have to think about it, I'm going to talk to my agent and my family," said Darvish, who has the right to opt out of his contract at the end of this season. "basically, I have no complaints about this team and it's fun."
Although he has not reached a final conclusion, he seems to have solidified his feelings.
Lotus Yonezawa moves up to second by one stroke Takumi Kanaya is 12th / Asian Amateur (Golf Digest Online (GDO)) - Yahoo! news
Reed got a cow.
Blake Windred (Australia) took the lead with five birdies and four bogeys in a 71.
It peaked at number 10 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Ren Yonezawa (second year student at Tohoku Fukushi University) and Joon Min Lee (South Korea) tied for second at one stroke with six birdies and a bogey for a 67.
Among other Japanese players, Arito Katsuragawa (3rd year of Nihon University), who came out of ninth place, played in the "70" and moved up to fifth place.
World No. 1 amateur Takumi Kanaya (third-year student at Tohoku Fukushi University) and Keita Nakajima (first-year student at Nippon Sport Science University) are tied for 12th at 3 under.
Eishun Yoshihara (University of California, Los Angeles) was tied for 16th at 2 under.
Kengo Aoshima (Wake Forest University) narrowly qualified with a 9-over 59.
 inferior Japanese Results for Day 2 > 2T / - 9 / Ren Yonezawa 5T / - 5 / Arito Katsuragawa 12T / - 3 / Takumi Kanaya, Keita Nakajima 16 T / - 2 / Eishun Yoshihara 59T / + 9 / Kengo Aoshima
 inferior Saga Heavy Rain ・ Support Ring inferior Specialty noodle "Taromen" Behavior at the evacuation center Operating cooperation, to cheer up the victims | - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Children enjoying Omachi's soul food "Taromen" on their way home from the bath = Omachi Comprehensive Welfare Center Misato
"Omachi Taromen Steering Council" (Representative Kensuke Suzuyama), a restaurant that serves "Taromen," a specialty noodle of Omachi, served "Taromen" at Misato, a town general welfare center that has become an evacuation center for people affected by the torrential rain, on the evening of the 25th.
It was a soul food that had been loved since the time of the Kishima Coal Mine, and it cheered up the people affected by the disaster.
"the only thing we can do is to have people make and eat taro noodles," he said.
Four restaurants with taromen on the menu worked together to make 90 meals and brought them to the evacuation center with onigiri (rice balls).
Udon noodles with thin noodles are put in a ginger beef bone soup, and plenty of ingredients such as pork head meat, shrimp, and vegetables are piled up.
The "taste of Omachi" was provided not only to those who were staying in evacuation centers, but also to those who came to the baths set up by the SDF.
"I've been a fan since I was young, but it's been a year since I ate it, and it reminds me of the past," said a man (66), and two siblings, aged 20 and 22, who moved in about a year ago and said, "I ate it for the first time, it's delicious, and now I want to go to the restaurant."
Vice President Kenichiro Fujise, who had just finished cooking, rushed to the restaurant and said, "I will cooperate with you if I can so that you can return to your daily life as soon as possible."
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------
In response to the blackout caused by the Eastern Iburi Earthquake in September last year, measures are being taken at condominiums in Hakodate City, where water was cut off.
According to the Water and Sewerage Department of the Municipal Bureau of Enterprises, in the year after the earthquake, seven condominiums installed "watering plugs" that can release water even in the event of a power outage.
There are about 400 four-story condominiums and private apartment complexes in the city that supply water in a "water tank" that may be cut off in the event of a power outage, and the department has called for consideration of countermeasures.
The water supply system for houses is broadly divided into two types: the "water tank type," in which water is stored in a water tank located in the basement or on the roof, and the "direct connection type," in which water is supplied directly from the city's water pipes to each house.
In the water tank type, even if the water pipe is not damaged, if the electric pump that pumps water from the water tank to each house stops working due to a power outage, it will not be able to supply water and each house will be without water.
Training to prepare for distress (Aomori Prefecture) - Yahoo! news
A drill was held in the village to search for and rescue people in distress ahead of the mushroom picking season in autumn.
The drill, which was held at Hirakozawa Forest Park in Shingo-mura Village, was attended by 60 people from the police, fire department, and friends of the game.
At the opening ceremony, Chief Tsuketa of the Gonohe Police Department called for "close cooperation and training."
★ Takahashi region chief's declaration: "from now on, we will start mountain training and rescue training."
The training was conducted on the assumption that men who went out to look for mushrooms would not come home at night.
The participants were divided into three groups and searched the mountain while calling out the names of the missing men.
In the village of Shingo, a 70-year-old man who went into the mountains in June to collect wild plants went missing and was rescued the next day with injuries.
In the training, we found an injured man and put him on a stretcher to go down the mountain, confirmed the cooperation from search to rescue, and prepared for the autumn mushroom picking season, which is prone to distress.
Hidetoshi Nishijima, At the drinking party of the "yakuza Gakuen" team, are you drunk?
First day greetings with outstanding teamwork (Movie Walker) - Yahoo! news
Directors Hidetoshi Nishijima, Toshiyuki Nishida, Atsushi Ito, Akira Nakao and Hisashi Kimura took to the stage at Toho Cinemas Shinjuku on September 27.
As a special guest, Konno of the original film rushed over and said, "I love this movie! (played by Nishijima) Himura is cool in every cut and every scene, as long as I envy him."
[see photos] Hidetoshi Nishijima's drinking party is revealed!
A scene from the stage greeting on the first day of "Ninkyo Gakuen"
This film tells the painful story of a yakuza who has no interest in contributing to society, the head of the Akimoto gang, who undertakes the reconstruction of a high school on the verge of bankruptcy, and resolves a number of difficult issues with a sense of duty.
Nishida plays the strong-willed but somewhat lovable leader of the group, and Nishijima plays Himura, the number two member of the Akimoto group, who has always been pushed around by his boss.
Nishijima was overwhelmed with emotion on the first day, saying, "I've been nervous until today."
"it was a really cohesive team," he said. "not only during the shooting period, but even after the shooting was over, these guys would get together all the time and talk about a lot of things."
Ito also laughed, saying, "There was a review meeting, just a drinking party where there was no reflection at all." "it was a plus for the site that I was able to make such a time.
In the story about the drinking party, the unexpected face of Nishijima was also revealed.
Nishijima confessed, "During the post-mortem meeting with this member, I drank too much, and I often don't remember half of it."
Nishida said, "I don't know what the other person is doing," and said, "It looks like sober, but were you drunk? I think it's a really good way to get drunk." he was impressed and invited laughter from the audience.
It became a work that fostered good teamwork, Nishida said, "If you have a good reputation, it might be turned into a series, and with the help of everyone, I want to do my best to make it into a series."
Mr. Nozaki, Chairman of the Prefecture Fisheries Federation, said, "We will start discussions for full-scale operation."
Following the accident at TEPCO's Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, it was decided that discussions on a full-scale operation of the fishery off the coast of Fukushima Prefecture would materialize in each district.
The president of the Fukushima Prefectural Federation of Fisheries Cooperative Associations, Satoshi Nozaki, said, "As a member of the Fukushima Prefectural Federation of Fisheries Cooperative Associations (Fukushima Prefectural Federation of Fisheries Cooperative Associations), we think it is necessary to move toward full-scale operation.
The association also approved the formal addition of cassowaries, cherry salmon and murasoi off the coast of Fukushima Prefecture to the list of fish species to be tested.
The remainder of the fishery was made up of two fish species, Binosugai and Commoncasbe.
At the end of the meeting, Chairman Nozaki gave an interview to the press, stressing that no date has been set for the start of full-scale operations.
Yoshiaki Harada, the former environment minister, and Ichiro Matsui, the mayor of Osaka City, expressed their opposition to the release of contaminated water from the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant.
In discussing the full-scale operation, Akira Egawa, president of the Iwaki City Fisheries Cooperative Association, pointed out that "it is necessary to suck up opinions from below," and said that he respected the wishes of the union members.
It is said that the affiliated branch offices will hold a meeting of the board of directors to resolve the problems one by one and come to a conclusion as a municipal fishery cooperative.
"we need to have discussions with middlemen as well as fishermen," says Kanji Tateya, head of the Soma Futaba Fishermen's Cooperative.
With the support of the national government, the Soma Futaba Fishing Cooperative will receive seven new vessels next year. "first of all, it is important to return the catch," he said, adding that he would promote environmental improvement in parallel with discussions on full-scale operations.
Driving and smoking manners Street activities to improve the Karatsu Tobacco Sales Cooperative. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
A union member calling on drivers to drive safely = Waseda Saga Junior and Senior High School in Tojo, Karatsu City
To coincide with the citizens' movement for traffic safety in autumn, the Karatsu Tobacco Sales Cooperative took to the streets in front of Waseda Saga Junior and Senior High School in Tojo, Karatsu City, on January 26.
About 10 people, including union members, participated in the rally, calling for drivers to drive safely.
The participants handed flyers and ballpoint pens to the drivers, saying, "Please drive safely."
In order to encourage a ban on cigarette littering, they also handed out portable ashtrays and urged people to improve their smoking manners.
Mr. Fujio Kumamoto (80), the president of the association, said, "There are many accidents every year in the prefecture, and recently the number of driving is increasing, so please be careful and drive with good manners."
Is "Beauty and Ugliness" a paper-thin thing?
What is the image of the "snake" that overlaps with the beautiful girls in Kazuo Umezu's work? - Yahoo! news
What do mystical beauty and shadowy expressions have in common?
"Kazuo Umezu Bishoujo Collection" (Genkosha), which focuses on beautiful girls drawn by Kazuo Umezu, who is known as one of the leading horror manga artists since the 1950s, was released in August 2019.
When I pick it up and look at it, I am reminded of the correlation between "beauty" and "fear" in Kazuo Umezu's work.
[Image] Is it because there is a "shadow" that it is attractive?
Beautiful girls in Kazuo Umezu's works (5 pictures)
In the introduction to "Bishoujo Collection," there was a sentence that "Fear, ugliness, and shocking scenes and developments of the story also stand out because of their beauty, which is at the opposite end of the spectrum."
There is a keyword "snake" that appears in many of Kazuo Umezu's works, but there are various ways to receive snakes, such as being perceived as "creepy creatures" or "beautiful" by people who see them.
There are people in the world who like reptiles, but there are also people who just don't like them.
In this way, depending on the sensibility of the viewer, the "snake" may be a creature where "beauty" and "ugly" are two sides of the same coin.
In addition, this creature has been worshiped as a creature with high spiritual power since ancient times, and the house where the "white snake" settled is said to be auspicious.
Umezu works based on the theme of "snake" include "Serpent girl" and "mottled girl" from the "Mama is scary!" series in 1965.
In general, it is the market that a beautiful woman with a shadow becomes a "snake woman."
To put it bluntly, it could be called a "cool butty" type... I feel like that's what the beautiful girls in Umezu's works have in common.
Among them, "Orochi," the main character of "Orochi," which has been serialized in "Shukan Shonen Sunday" since 1969, is a beautiful girl character that can be said to be a representative of Umezu's work.
Seven international students from Sabiel High School paid a courtesy call on the mayor of the city.
Seven students studying at Sabiel High School (Principal Hideki Matsubara) paid a courtesy call on the mayor of the city, Koji Fujita, on January 26.
The international students talked about what they wanted to do during their stay, and Mayor Fujita encouraged them to have a meaningful school life.
Using the "Asian Bridge Project" subsidized by the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (MEXT), high school students (aged 15 to 17) from various countries visited Japan last month.
The six girls, who come from China, Cambodia, Mongolia, Thailand, Indonesia and Malaysia, live in dormitories at the school and spend eight months there.
Turkish boys spend 10 months in school during homestays.
One by one, the international students who visited the city hall introduced themselves in Japanese.
Commenting on his impression of the city, he said, "When I take a walk, people I don't know greet me, and it is a quiet and pleasant town."
He also said, "I want to see Mt.Fuji while I'm in Japan."
In addition, the girls living in the dormitory also had an opportunity to interact with their host families and said that they were looking forward to participating in the library festival as volunteers.
Mayor Fujita said, "I would like you to actively participate in various experiences, and invite your friends and host families to participate in the city's Halloween event to be held at Onoda Sun Park next month."
Deputy Minister Yamamoto Deletes Meal Tweet On the eve of the explanation of the cause of the helicopter crash
State Minister of Defense Tomohiro Yamamoto posted the comment along with a photo of Parliamentary Vice-Minister of Defense Kazuchika Iwata, and deleted the Twitter screen
Deputy Defense Minister Tomohiro Yamamoto deleted a comment on Twitter by the 27th, in which he wrote "It's delicious" while eating at a yakitori restaurant in Saga Prefecture.
Yamamoto was in Kanzaki Prefecture on February 26 to explain to local governments the results of the investigation into the crash of an AH64D combat helicopter of the Ground Self-Defense Force in February last year.
On the evening of the same day, he tweeted, "I came to Saga Prefecture on a business trip!"
Along with a photo of Kazuchika Iwata, Parliamentary Vice-Minister of Defense of Fukushima Prefecture, who was present at the meal, he posted comments such as "It's delicious."
A girl in the house was injured in the accident, and two members of the team were killed.
Mr. Yamamoto was elected to the House of Representatives four times, and was elected proportionally to the South Kanto region.
[Koshiyama Wakamizu] A circle of "children's cafeterias" that provide free or inexpensive meals to children is spreading across the country.
According to a survey of NPOs and other organizations, there are about 3,700 such activities nationwide this year.
This is a 1.6-fold increase from 2018, and there are 24 locations in Fukui Prefecture, nine more than last year.
I wonder why the children's cafeteria is now.
Makoto Yuasa, a social activist and president of an NPO, spoke about the background and significance of the project at a lecture held in Sakai City.
The area is becoming lonely due to the declining birthrate and aging population, and the shopping district is also in decline.
There was no place for people to meet.
Therefore, "an exchange base in a crowded area where people can interact with each other was sought."
Even though it is a children's cafeteria, it is a "multi-generational exchange place" where the elderly participate.
This not only eliminates the need to eat alone, but also leads to child-rearing support and health promotion for the elderly.
To break the cycle of poverty and revitalize the region.
The important thing is, "Don't make a child that flips from there."
There are a variety of places that offer meals from once a month to every day.
There are a variety of venues, from private homes to temples, ranging in size from a few to a few hundred people.
An atmosphere is being created where people who want to do it can do it.
Such a low threshold is attractive.
However, it is difficult to secure management costs and staff.
Sometimes we hear about issues like safe management.
However, ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Connecting with society can be a safety net in the event of a disaster, "says Yuasa.
It seems to be a beacon of hope in a closed society.
On September 29, the final day of the autumn Hokushinetsu district high school baseball tournament in Fukui Prefecture, the final and third-place match will be played at the prefectural stadium (Fukui City).
The final will be played between Kibi Tsuruga, who is aiming to reach the top of the tournament for the first time in four years, and Tsuruga, who is aiming to win the championship for the first time in 36 years.
Tsuruga Kibi of the seed school won three consecutive games from the first round.
In the semifinal against the Hokuriku region, ace Naoki Kasashima went the distance with a pitching that tightened up the key points.
The lineup is doing well, with 13 hits, and we want to support the pitching staff in the final.
Tsuruga went on to win the match against No.
In the quarterfinals, he won a close game by one point, and in the semifinals against Hamizu, he opened the scoring with a squeeze and escaped with 3-1.
We want to make sure we get the chance to score in the final as well.
The third place play-off for the remaining spots in the Hokushinetsu Shinkansen tournament was held in the Hokuriku region.
In the Hokuriku region, the base line and bunt were disrupted at the beginning of the semifinal, but we want to rebuild in the third-place play-off.
On the other hand, Hamizu attracted the attention of the tournament by defeating the powerhouse Fukui Institute of Technology.
It will be interesting to see if they can win the third-place play-off against the Hokushinetsu.
■ The match on September 29
Shizuoka Prefectural Baseball Stadium 3rd Place play-off Hokuriku - Hasui (10: 00 a.m.) Final Tsuruga - Tsuruga (1: 00 p.m.) * Time is scheduled to start
Hokushinetsu Hokushinetsu in autumn for the first time in 21 years after Tsuruga fell into the water.
Tsuruga Kibi defeated Hokuriku and Hokushinetsu Shinkansen ticket
SPEEDA SPEEDA ranked 8th in rugby in Japan, the highest in history
SPEEDA Japan women's basketball team advances to the final of the Asian Cup
Sharp home appliances, Yoshimoto entertainers PR Grand Prix in Osaka | Shizuoka Shimbun
"Hime Koron," a comedy duo that won the "Sharp PR-1 Grand Prix" = 27th, Osaka City
The final of the Sharp PR-1 Grand Prix, a contest to determine the performer who can best introduce Sharp's home appliances, was held in Namba, Osaka, on March 27.
It is held jointly by Sharp and Yoshimoto Kogyo Co., Ltd. and has been qualifying since July.
The plan is to use professional storytelling to convey the appeal of the product and get comedy fans to like Sharp's home appliances.
The final was held at the Manzai Theater in Yoshimoto.
About 250 spectators watched the fight, which was won by four teams out of about 200.
The winner, "Himekoron," is a young duo who have often introduced Sharp products at mass merchandisers in Ehime Prefecture.
He cheekily conveyed the merits of air conditioning and wrapped the venue in laughter.
Sotetsu Sagami Otsuka Station 7000 series · 12000 series photo session (Railroad com) - Yahoo! news
Sagami Railway, as a commemorative event for the opening of the Sotetsu and JR direct line, "November 30 to Sotetsu and JR mutual direct! 7000 series · 12000 series photo session in Sagami Otsuka" was held.
The event is held at Sagami Otsuka Station.
In addition to the 7000 series and 12000 series photo sessions, it is open to the public in the 7000 series cars, the sale of the 7000 series last run commemorative goods, and the release of the commemorative ticket.
Items for sale (price) include metal keychains (700 yen), can badges (450 yen), clear files (300 yen), and more.
The number of items sold is limited to 500 key holders, 300 can badges, and 1,000 clear files.
8 new models of "Air Force 1" including NBA collaboration and models equipped with "Gore-Tex" will appear at once (WWD JAPAN.com)
"Nike" will release eight new models of "Air Force 1 (AIR FORCE 1)," which has been popular as a representative sneaker of the brand since its release in 1982, sequentially from October.
Three of the eight models are for women, and as Georgina James, Nike Senior Creative Director of Women's Footwear, says, "Women are diverse, and they want to be different and unique."
[Image] 8 new models of "Air Force 1" such as NBA collaboration and models equipped with "Gore-Tex" appear at once
The "Air Force 1 NBA Pack," a collaboration with the NBA, comes in two types: low-cut and high-cut.
The low cut is based on the NBA colors of red, yellow, black and navy, and the high cut is deployed in the uniform color of three teams including the Los Angeles Lakers.
In addition to the NBA logo on the heel and shoe tongue, satin fabric is used on the back of the upper, making the swoosh a bicolor design for the first time.
The price is 13,200 yen including tax, and it will be released on October 1.
"air Force 1 Swoosh Pack" is designed with swoosh letters and logos everywhere, just as the words are.
It is noteworthy that the shoe tongue part, which is supposed to be adorned with the brand logo, has also been changed to a special "swoosh" character.
Using shadows as a source of inspiration, "Air Force 1 Shadow" is characterized by each detail doubling like a shadow, including the side swoosh.
While the outsole is thicker and taller than the original, it has succeeded in reducing weight, which is pleasing to women, by hollowing out the center.
The price is 13,200 yen including tax, and it will be released on October 3.
"the real culprit" in drone attack on Saudi Arabian oil facility (FRIDAY) - Yahoo! news
"the Iranian drone used in the bombing, the Ababir, has improved dramatically in recent years by analyzing downed US military drones.
It can be manufactured cheaply and has a range of about 1000 km.
One of its strengths is that it flies so low that it is difficult to be captured by radar. "(press photographer Toru Yokota)
On September 14, the oil facilities of Saudi Aramco, the country's largest oil company, were bombed by 10 military drones.
Shortly afterwards, the Houthis, a Yemeni rebel group, claimed responsibility for the attack.
[P] JAPANESE TEXT VERSION PDF | JAPANESE TEXT VERSION PDF "There is no doubt that Iran, led by President Rouhani, is behind the Houthis," said Izuru Sugawara, an international political analyst.
In the wake of the bombing, as much as half of Saudi Arabia's total oil production was halted, and oil prices soared by 15%.
Some say that if things continue as they are, the oil shock will come again.
"with Trump's pledge to withdraw U.S. troops from the Middle East, we want to avoid military intervention at all costs, at least until after next year's elections," says Sugawara, "and we know that Iran will continue to bomb drones under the cover of the Houthis, but the United States can't stand it forever, and there is a good chance that Trump will decide to attack Iran in the future."
The "proxy war" between the United States and Iran is on the verge of simmering.
The reason why the super individualistic YouTuber was able to become a full-time employee.
Ask the president who hired you (Out!
9 / 27 (Fri) 8: 47 delivery
He is now a hugely popular YouTuber, mainly among young people.
It is not uncommon now for companies to use them to advertise their products, but there is a company that has started an unusual system called "YouTuber recruitment" to hire them as full-time employees.
Direct Marketing Mix Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as DmMiX) is a company whose main business is customer relationship management (CRM).
What does it mean to "adopt a YouTuber"?
We asked Yuki Kobayashi, CEO of DmMiX, who is also the representative of Stuff First, the subsidiary where the YouTuber was actually adopted.
I want to support young people who are doing their best by hiring YouTubers
- What is the mechanism of "YouTuber recruitment" in the first place?
Yuki Kobayashi (hereinafter referred to as Kobayashi): nowadays, the profession of YouTuber has become an aspiration of many young people.
Elementary school students are also at the top of the list of occupations they want to enter in the future, and there will be more and more young people aiming to do so in the future.
Until now, we have been recruiting and supporting young people who are chasing their dreams, such as bandmen and comedians.
In the same way, "YouTuber recruitment" is trying to recruit and support young people who are chasing their dreams of becoming YouTubers.
- There is an image that YouTubers are individuals who voluntarily post videos, but why did you think about "hiring"?
Kobayashi: while many young people aspire to the profession of YouTuber, the reality is that most YouTubers do not make as much money as they would like.
There are many creators who make and post videos while working part-time, and there are also many creators whose families do not recognize the existence of YouTubers.
In this initiative, we will provide the hired creators with a salary and an environment for content creation.
We think that we will support activities by supporting the disadvantages of the profession of YouTuber who will inevitably be in a precarious position at first.
Environmental Girl "Fighting for a Safe Future" Protests around the world, for the second week in a row.
Greta Thunberg (centre) and others take part in a protest in Montreal, eastern Canada, on September 27 (REUTERS)
New YORK, March 27 (Reuters) - Greta Thunberg, 16, a Swedish girl campaigning against global warming, joined a protest in Montreal on Wednesday, stressing that she will continue to fight for a safe future.
Protests by young people on this day were held in Asian countries, Europe, the United States, and other parts of the world.
It was the second consecutive week of mass protests in response to Greta's call for action, following on from the 20th.
Greta met with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau on March 27.
Mr. Trudeau, who regularly appeals to the public for his enthusiastic stance on measures to combat global warming, also participated in the march.
But after the meeting, Ms. Greta was dry about Mr. Trudeau, saying, "There is clearly not enough action."
"I hope that Korea will return to the GSOMIA" - Deputy Assistant Secretary of State (Sankei Shimbun) - Yahoo! news
In a separate interview with the Sankei Shimbun newspaper at the U.S. ambassador's residence in Tokyo on Wednesday, Napper, the acting assistant secretary of state for South Korea and Japan, said he hoped South Korea would reconsider its decision to scrap the General Security of Military Information Agreement (GSOMIA), which expires on Nov. 23.
It is unusual for a senior US official to mention a reconsideration of the destruction of the GSOMIA.
The GSOMIA is an agreement between Japan and South Korea, the United States and the Republic of Korea, and serves as a basis for sharing information on missile launches.
South Korea announced in August that it would abandon the pact with Japan, and if it lapses, the framework to protect military intelligence in South Korea and Japan will collapse.
Napper argued that without the GSOMIA, Japan would not be able to respond effectively to the crisis.
"there is still time until the expiration," he said, urging the return of South Korea.
"this is the first time in history that China and Russia conducted a joint flight drill over the Sea of Japan in July," he said. "it is essential for the United States, South Korea and Japan, which share values such as democracy and human rights, to work together in the alliance."
He pointed out that the recent deterioration in Japan-South Korea relations is "hurting the national interests of the United States."
"there is no intention to mediate," he said, "but we will play a positive role in bridging the gap between Japan and South Korea."
(Yusuke Hirata)
Tokai-mura Critical Accident, 20 Years in 30 Days, 300 Nuclear Facilities Trouble: Hokkaido Shimbun Newspaper
From FY 2000 to FY 2018, following the criticality accident in Tokai-mura, Ibaraki Prefecture, which resulted in the first death due to radiation exposure in the history of nuclear power in Japan, there have been 336 reports of accidents and malfunctions at nuclear power facilities across the country, the Nuclear Regulation Authority (NRA) said on January 28.
It is 30 days and 20 years since the criticality accident that raised the alarm about the safety myth of the nuclear industry.
Although the International Evaluation Scale (INES), which indicates the severity of the accident, is 0 (not important for safety) and about 90% of the cases are not evaluated, it is necessary to continuously raise safety awareness based on the lessons learned from the accident and TEPCO's Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant accident in 2011.
Koichi Soda, who completed the story and original drawings of the original picture book and is soliciting donations for publication = September 18, Echizen City, Fukui Prefecture
Koichi Soda, 64, an artist with the Echizen City Regional Revitalization Cooperation Volunteer in Fukui Prefecture, launched an online crowdfunding campaign to raise donations for the publication of creative picture books inspired by local legends.
Soda, who was born in Hokkaido and started working as a volunteer in April of this year, said, "I want to convey the compassion of the people of Fukui through picture books based on a deep sense of faith."
[click here to donate] In order to convey the heart of Fukui.
While Soda is active as an artist working on contemporary art using mathematics as a motif, he has also been active as a member of the JOCV since his 60th birthday.
After being involved in urban development in Nagano, Kumamoto, and Tochigi Prefectures, he arrived in Echizen City in April of this year.
Named after the city that produced Kakoriko and Chihiro Iwasaki, it aims to create a town that makes use of picture books.
Living in the city, Mr. Soda said, "I was surprised at the depth of compassion around me that I could understand for the first time."
I paid attention to the legend of Awara City, "The face of the ogre of the bride."
It is a story of a kind-hearted daughter-in-law who continues to recite nenbutsu (Buddhist invocation) in order to help her mother-in-law, without worrying about being surprised by her face.
"I forget the hatred and return it with compassion and kindness, and I felt the origin of the piety and kindness of the people of Fukui."
Soda, who got a hint for the original picture book, went to Yoshizaki Gobo in Awara City as soon as he arrived, and repeated interviews, and completed the story "Meoto Oni" featuring a kind-hearted ogre couple and a boy.
From June, he made use of his profession to paint 10 scenes in warm watercolor, and the materials for the picture book were ready.
In addition, Echizen washi, a traditional craft that lives in the city of Echizen, will be used to make the cover of the picture book.
This will lead to opportunities for parents and children to enjoy the texture of washi paper through storytelling and other activities.
The goal of the donation is 850,000 yen for the publication of 600 copies.
The deadline is October 25.
Mr. Soda said, "The heart of Fukui, which has been nurtured under the historical Buddhist culture, can be proud of all over the country.
Through picture books, I want to tell children about the true kindness and compassion that has been passed down from generation to generation. "
Fukui Prefecture has certified 11 regional revitalization projects to be undertaken by volunteers and businesses in the prefecture, and this is one of the projects to be supported using hometown tax payment.
The yearbook disseminates information, and the Fukui Bank cooperates in management support.
Donations can be made from the crowdfunding site "Lady Four."
Rugby lessons for children in Niigata (Niigata Prefecture) - Yahoo! news
On the 28th, a rugby class was held in Niigata City for children in order to familiarize them with rugby, which is attracting attention due to the World Cup being held in Japan.
"the first rugby class" was held on the 28th at the Toriyano Sports Park ball field in Niigata City.
In an event organized by the Niigata City Rugby Football Association to familiarize children with rugby, 28 children between the ages of 3 and 12 participated and experienced the basics of rugby, such as tackling and passing.
A boy who participated said, "It was fun when I saw rugby for the first time on TV, and it was fun to join forces."
The "first rugby class" is also scheduled to be held on October 19.
In the run-up to the consumption tax hike, retail stores and special sales in Okayama Prefecture are also on the rise.
Sales at the store in front of Bic Camera Okayama Station, where sales of large home appliances are strong before the tax hike
On the 28th, the last weekend before the consumption tax hike from 8% to 10%, families rushed to buy at electronics stores and supermarkets in Okayama Prefecture.
There is also a home center that develops a special section for bulk purchases, and a suit store that sells winter clothing ahead of schedule, and each store is focusing on sales.
The store in front of Bic Camera Okayama Station (Ekimae Town, Kita Ward, Okayama City) is offering a special sale for a limited period of time until the 30th.
"even though it's 2%, we can't overlook the difference when it comes to expensive items," said a 37-year-old office worker in the city who came to the store looking for a refrigerator.
According to the store, sales of large appliances such as televisions, washing machines and refrigerators increased in September, nearly doubling from the previous year.
"the front-loaded increase in demand prior to the consumption tax is more than we expected, and there are a lot of customers looking for expensive items in the latter half of the year" (person in charge).
Haruyama Shoji Co., Ltd. (Omote Town, Ibaraki Prefecture), which sells suits, will conduct a sale titled "Great disposal of financial results just before the tax hike."
The coat has been on sale since early September, a month earlier than usual, and sales this month are said to have increased by 10% compared to the previous year.
An office worker who visited the Kurashiki store (Hakuraku-cho, Kurashiki City) to buy a suit to wear to the Coming of Age Ceremony (19) said, "The ceremony is still ahead, but I want to buy it before the tax hike."
Because the tax rate on food and beverages will remain unchanged under the reduced tax rate system, home improvement centers and supermarkets will appeal to consumers by focusing on daily necessities and alcohol.
At the Time Takaya store (Kanemoto, Naka-ku, Okayama City), a home improvement center, there is a special corner near the entrance loaded with high-capacity detergent and tissues.
Sales of daily consumables increased by 1.6 times compared to the previous year. "if we don't replenish them many times a day, we will run out of supplies," said Seiya Shimizu, the store manager.
A city civil servant (63) who came to the store said, "I'm going to buy it anyway, so I'm going to take this opportunity to buy some kitchen paper."
The Tenmaya Happy Town Okanami store (Tsukiko Shinmachi, Minami-ku, Tokyo) will also set up wagons loaded with detergent, toilet paper, disposable diapers and other items at the event site.
An office worker in the city (35) said, "If I receive a cashless payment point, the amount of burden will hardly change, so I will not rush to buy daily necessities."
2019 Manager of the Year Klopp celebrates his greatest enemy (SPORT.es) - Yahoo! news
Jürgen Klopp, who won the Best Director award for The Best, reflected on his career in an interview and also commented on the current situation.
Among the many remarks that took the world by surprise was one about Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola, who will be his biggest rival in the race for the Premier League title.
Neymar's best friend Auvez says "his happiness is still with Barca..."
After the award ceremony for The Best, the German said: "I couldn't have imagined anything better, I'm very happy and proud to win this award, it's been a great few days for me, thanks to my players, the most important thing is the team."
"I have a lot of respect for him," Klopp said of Guardiola. "what can I say about him? he's won a lot of titles, his style of play is extraordinary, he's the best coach I've played against and it's an honour to be nominated with him and to compete for the award."
He also mentioned manager Pochettino and Tottenham.
"his last year was incredible, a lot of times you don't get people's memories if you don't win the title, you build the team little by little and he was playing in a great style."
Klopp has no qualms about the best moments of 2019: "(CL) The comeback against Barcelona, I don't think many pundits or myself would have bet a centimetre on us, 3-0 behind against a team with Messi and Suarez... it's like a death sentence, we had a small chance and we were able to make it happen, I couldn't believe it.
When asked a more personal question at the end, Klopp concluded: "when I celebrated winning the Bundesliga, I woke up on a bench and I didn't even know where I was, this time it didn't happen, I don't like to get drunk because I'm a person with a self-management obsession.
Special edition cars that put everything from craftsmanship to cutting-edge technology into Lexus LC and IS are coming - Yahoo! news
It is finished in a special one that further enhances the dignity and taste
Lexus has set special edition models of the luxury coupe "LC" and sporty sedan "IS" to be released on Tuesday, October 1.
[photo] The interior of the Lexus LC stands out for its high quality
Special edition cars were developed based on the concept of "crafted."
Crafted embodies the Japanese aesthetic sense cultivated in the rich nature and history, and the desire to think about people with a sensitivity that detects ambiguous things that are sought without putting into words, and to create new experiences that stir the heart by making full use of all methods from craftsmanship to cutting-edge technology.
LC special edition models "patina Elegance" is based on the LC500 / LC500h, Lexus' finest genuine leather L-ANILINE seat, which combines durability while making use of softness and natural texture, and genuine leather steering using premium leather with soft touch.
It is finished as a model that further enhances the style and taste.
L-ANILINE carefully selects only the highest grade of raw leather, and achieves softness with a color coat that aims for a thin coating using a process of long time flexibility and proprietary technology.
Improves the sitting comfort that envelops the body and the fit while running.
Premium leather is also used for the steering, so that you can feel the high quality on your skin.
In addition, metal processing with Alcantara roof and laser etching, scuff plates with overlapping L-shaped motifs emerge beautifully, and a color head-up display are also specially equipped.
The interior adopts a bright patina brown special edition car and door trim, genuine leather seats, gorgeous brown combination color arranged on the seat belt.
In addition, the stitch color utilizes two colors of light brown and dark brown with different degrees of lightness, and combines it with a carefully selected texture to express a high-quality and deep space.
The body color is three color settings of Sonic Titanium, Graphite Black Glass Flake, including Terrain Khaki Mica Metallic set exclusively for special edition models.
You want to use Sidecar?
According to Apple, the new OS, macOS Catalina, will be released in October.
The specific date has not been revealed, but maybe it will be released on October 4?
Originally published as macOS Catalina release date may be October 4?
The above image was posted on Apple's site in Denmark (it has now been corrected).
There is certainly the word "from October 4 (fra den 4. oktober)" in the image.
If it is an official website, it seems that the accuracy of that information is also high.
By the way, the feature that I personally want to try the most in macOS Catalina is "Sidecar."
This is a feature that treats the iPad as a sub display of the Mac, a feature that was previously realized in third-party apps.
And since Sidecar is a genuine feature of Apple, it is expected to be better in completeness (and response).
There are rumours of an upcoming MacBook Pro with a 16-inch display, but first you want to fully experience this next generation of macOS.
Sakura shrimp in the process of growing PT such as Shizuoka City, shooting at a depth of 290 meters.
Sakura shrimp born this year successfully photographed in the deep waters of Suruga Bay off the coast of Kambara, Shimizu Ward, Shizuoka City on November 11. (courtesy of Yui Sakura Shrimp Project)
The Yui Sakura Shrimp Project, an initiative of the Council of Marine Industry Clusters of Shizuoka City and other cities, has recently succeeded in photographing sakura shrimp, which are believed to have been born during the spawning season this spring and summer, on the seabed at a depth of 290 meters in Suruga Bay.
The video of the growth process is valuable, and those involved want to connect it to the elucidation of the ecology of the sakura shrimp, which has many mysteries.
The photo was taken about 1.5 kilometers off the coast of Kambara, Shimizu Ward, Shimizu City, near the seabed.
A total of about 300 animals were confirmed in 17 minutes.
Conventional knowledge that sakura shrimp in the deep sea during the day "form a group to some extent at the bottom of the sea" has been confirmed anew.
The adult is about 40 millimeters in length, and the reflected individual is about 23 millimeters in length.
The spawning season was identified by comparing the seasonal data of the landed sakura shrimp.
Detailed analysis is entrusted to Fujitsu Software Technologies and Shizuoka College of Industrial Technology, which comprise the team.
Keisuke Mizuno, the project leader, says, "We want to capture the living form of the individual in the growth process, including juvenile shrimp."
Mother Ranch reopens, Chiba Prefecture residents free of charge Shizuoka Prefecture has been affected by the typhoon until the end of October.
Chiba Prefecture's mascot character "Chiba-kun" greets visitors at Mother Farm, which reopened for business on the morning of the 28th, in Futtsu City, Chiba Prefecture
The Mother Farm in Futtsu City, Chiba Prefecture, which had been closed for nine days due to power outages and damage to facilities caused by Typhoon Faxai, reopened for business on March 28.
In an effort to liven up the disaster-stricken areas, residents of Chiba Prefecture will receive free admission until the end of October.
Under a clear autumn sky, many people visited the park when it opened, and at the entrance gate, the prefecture's mascot character "Cheeba-kun" welcomed the visitors.
The roof was covered with blue sheets, and some facilities continued to be repaired, but half of the restaurants were able to reopen.
"I was worried about when it would reopen," said Kenji Mitani, 34, an office worker from Sagamihara City who was visiting with his family. "I was looking forward to the potato digging event, hoping it would lead to recovery."
All Road Go 4 decision: Hokkaido Shimbun EXPERIENCE EXPERIENCE EXPERIENCE
The 69th All Hokkaido Go Championship (sponsored by the Hokkaido Shimbun Newspaper) began on July 28 at the Hokkaido Shimbun Newspaper in Chuo Ward, Sapporo City.
30 people participated in the competition to compete for the top amateur in Hokkaido, and the best 4 came out.
Tetsuya Asano (48) = Sapporo, Hideyuki Takuma (52) = Sapporo, Takuji Tomita (72) = Asahikawa, and Mamoru Takahashi (75) = Kitami.
Kazuya Takahashi (49), the previous year's winner, lost in the quarterfinals by half a point to Asano, who has won the tournament eight times.
Yuya Shinoda (8), the youngest player in the history of the tournament, was defeated in the first round by Kazutoyo Arai (75), the runner-up the previous year.
Mr. Arai was defeated in the next two rounds.
On the 29th, the semifinals and final of the All Hokkaido Go were held from 1: 30 p.m.
The 26th All Provincial Women's Go Championship will be held from 10: 00 a.m.
Both venues are in the Hokkaido Shimbun Newspaper (Odori Nishi 3).
(Yasuyori Nakamura)
[the first half of the Bud Olympics race] Kento Momota, the world champion, and Tensei Zhou, who is in good form, lead by one step!
 inferior Men's Singles inferior Bud × Spi!
The Japan national team, which won six medals at the 25th World Championships in Basel, Switzerland, a major badminton event held in August, will participate in the China OP (Changzhou / Super 1000) starting from the 17th after a training camp in early September.
Here, we look back at the first half of the year from May to August, when the Olympic race for the Tokyo 2020 Games begins, and look ahead to the men's singles matches from September to December (Text / Badminton Magazine Editorial Department).
The badminton Olympic race, which began in May, has digested the top four tournaments (Super 500 and above) in which the top players compete at the end of the world championships.
The two players who kept up their good form in the first half were Kento Momota, who won two of the four tournaments, and Tian Cheng Chow of Taiwan.
Momota won the World Championship, and Zhou Tiancheng won the Indonesia Open (S1000), a tournament where high points can be earned for "world ranking points," which is directly linked to the Olympic race.
Momota has also won the Japan OP (S750).
Since May, he has participated in the Sudirman Cup (May / China), Indonesia OP (July / results 16 strong), Japan OP (July), and World Championship (August).
Although the number of players is small compared to other top players, it is a schedule that reduces the burden on the body.
Since August was only one tournament of the World Championship, the fatigue will not be greater than the time of the back-to-back matches.
Good results are required in the midfield, where the top competitions will be held consecutively from September onwards.
The Ace of Taiwan is strong in a series of battles.
Also pay attention to young people in Thailand!
Zhou Tiancheng, who also won the top competition of Indonesia OP and Thailand OP (S500), has already competed in seven events.
He also participated in the local Taipei OP (S300) at the beginning of September, and won brilliantly.
In addition to being physically strong, he is a player who does not suffer from a series of matches.
Even if the tournament continues, there will be no major problems with the performance of the game.
On the contrary, being able to score high points in the first half would have made it easier to adjust the schedule of the upcoming tournaments.
Until last year, Zhou had the impression that he lacked explosive power, but this year he has become more stable on the playing surface, which has allowed him to continue to perform well.
For Momota, who is ranked No. 1 in the world, it looks like he will be a more troublesome opponent than ever before.
In addition to these two players, young Thai ace Kantaphone and India's Sai Praneeth B. had good results in the first half.
And Anders Antonsen, who is fighting alone as a European player, is three players.
Despite not reaching the finals in any of the top competitions, Cantafon has been a force to be reckoned with, finishing in the top four in the two competitions this season.
Although there is still a rough side, the 20-year-old (21 years old on the 18th), who has been able to rally on an equal footing with the top players, seems to have a lot of potential to make a leap in the Olympic race.
Sai Praneeth B. also took a step out of India, which has a good lineup of players in singles.
Samir Barama, Prannoy H.S. and Srikanth Kidambi, who is lagging behind due to injury, will also be looking to catch up in the future, so India will need to be careful after the midfield battle.
New mobile phone prices cut due to fair competition: Hokkaido Shimbun newspaper
In response to the enactment of the revised Telecommunications Business Act in October, mobile phone companies have come up with new pricing plans.
For the most part, however, it remained high.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said last summer that there was room to lower prices by about 40 percent, and despite growing expectations for a rate cut, there was no price competition.
Rakuten's full-fledged entry into the market has been postponed, and the oligopoly of the big three companies continues to be a major factor.
For consumers, it is desirable to have a fee structure that is easy to use through fair competition.
I want to ask for the efforts of mobile phone companies.
The amended law bans set discounts on terminal fees and communication charges.
This is because, instead of selling the terminal fee at a low price, the communication fee was set to become expensive.
SoftBank and KDDI (au) have announced plans to cut handsets by up to half.
However, both companies have a "SIM lock" on their terminals that prevents them from using other companies' lines for 100 days.
NTT Docomo will pay a maximum of one-third of the terminal fee only to subscribers of its own line.
All three companies appear to be continuing to "corral" customers to prevent them from switching to other companies.
With regard to the SIM lock, the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications (MIC) has indicated that it is obligated to release it immediately.
Companies also need to take immediate action.
Rakuten's postponement was due to the fact that the development of communication networks, such as base stations, did not proceed as planned.
It was expected to be a trigger for the price cut competition, so it is dressed with a shrug.
I wonder if there was a sweetness in the outlook.
It is not clear when the full-scale service will start or how much it will cost.
As a company responsible for social infrastructure, I want you to engage in business responsibly.
The latest rate revision was triggered by remarks by Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga.
Mr. Kan expressed dissatisfaction with the new fees of the three companies, saying, "I think competition will start in the future, and I do not think at all that it is fine as it is."
However, it is unlikely that "government-made price cuts" will distort the market and encourage healthy competition.
Companies should engage in customer-oriented competition before being dictated to by the government.
The fee structure of each company is very complicated, and it is not easy to compare.
The Consumer Affairs Agency called attention to the fact that there are cases where the burden on consumers exceeds half price, even though the terminal advertises such as "up to half price."
Companies themselves should try to explain in a polite and easy-to-understand manner, so as not to create misunderstandings among users.
The maximum amount of withdrawals was reduced to 500,000 yen, and three cash cards in Mie Prefecture were issued.
Three credit unions in Mie Prefecture (Kuwana Mie Shinkin Bank, Kita-Ise Ueno Shinkin Bank and Kihoku Shinkin Bank) announced on February 26 that they had decided to reduce the withdrawal limit for cash cards in order to prevent fraud.
For depositors over the age of 70 who hold cash cards from Kuwana Mie, Kita Ise Ueno and Kihoku Shinkin banks and have not made a withdrawal transaction of more than a certain amount at an ATM (automated teller machine) in the past three years, the maximum amount that can be withdrawn with a cash card in one day will be 500,000 yen.
The Northern Ise Ueno Shinkin Bank and the Kuwana Mie Shinkin Bank will be reduced from October 1, and the Kihoku Shinkin Bank will be reduced from November 1.
There are a number of fraud cases in the prefecture in which cash cards and PIN numbers are spoofed by financial institutions and police, and withdrawals are made at ATMs, and Shinkin Bank officials say that they want to protect customers' important deposits as much as possible.
After the sudden death of the master Izutsu, he was transferred to the Mutsu room of Yokozuna Tsururyu and others.
The Japan Sumo Association (JSA) announced on July 27 that it had approved the transfer of three sumo wrestlers, including yokozuna Tsururyu, and one tokoyama, to the Mutsu room following the death of Izutsu Oyakata.
The Mutsu room was the same as the Izutsu room.
His teacher, Mutsu Oyakata (former Ozeki Kirishima), is a brother of the late Izutsu Oyakata.
Izutsu Oyakata died suddenly on the 16th, and Tsururyu and others were placed in temporary custody of the same family's Kagamiyama room, and future treatment was discussed.
In the Muromachi bakufu (Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun) of the Muromachi bakufu (Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun), there were twelve sumo wrestlers at the time of the fall.
【 Rugby World Cup 】 One shot out and brawl US players "face danger tackle" ripples overseas "insulting and despicable play" (THE ANSWER) - Yahoo! news
Us FL Quill plays rough, former England international "not what you'd call a tackle"
26 (UPI) -- The United States, the last of the 20 nations to make an appearance at the Rugby World Cup in Japan, was soundly beaten 7-45 by England.
It was a black start, but the rough play played by FL John Quill in the second half caused a stir.
A one-shot exit in the form of adding a shoulder tackle to the face of the opponent.
The actual scene was also released on video by foreign media, with former England players complaining that it was "insulting and despicable" and "not something that can be called a tackle."
[video] "Insult and despicable play" and ripples overseas!
A one-shot exit, a flurry of players on both sides... the actual moment of the "Facial Danger Tackle" played by US representative Quill
The hot fighting spirit has crossed the line.
It was 0 to 38 in the 29th minute.
Deep in enemy territory, England captain Farrell lost his balance somewhat when catching a pass from his side.
It was Quill who went to tackle it.
However, he woke up not from the waist down, but from the upper body, and hit his body violently on the upper body.
As a result, the head of the opponent comes into contact with the head, and it is shaped like a head butt.
Farrell was blown away violently and fell to the ground.
England players protested furiously as they tried to shove Quill into a play that clearly lacked legitimacy.
Players from both sides gathered at once, and there was an air of simmering excitement.
As a result of the TMO (video review), Quill was sent off with a straight red card.
He left the pitch with a bad look on his face, but was booed by some in the crowd who were calling for fair play.
Rugby powerhouse New Zealand's local media "Stuff" featured a headline that read: "rugby World Cup 2019: USA players sent off for sneaky play, England have a comfortable win."
"kill made a vile shoulder charge to the face of England star Farrell and was ejected," the report said. "it almost turned into a brawl between players from both sides."
The article featured comments from former England player and commentator Hugo Monya.
"it's insulting, it's despicable, it's not something you can call a tackle, it's a despicable play," he said.
The U.S., who were missing one player for the game, managed to escape a shutout defeat with a mean-spirited try in the 81st minute.
Quill's play, however, left a bad aftertaste.
The Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare (MHLW) announced on September 26 for the first time the names of 424 public hospitals nationwide, including 1,455 public hospitals and the JRCS, that it judged to have "poor clinical records."
In Fukui Prefecture, the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare examined the treatment results of 14 public and public hospitals.
⇒ 4 hospitals subject to reorganization: "standards are wrong"
In order to curb the ballooning cost of medical care due to the aging population, we decided to take an unusual step, saying that it was necessary to promote reorganization and integration with hospitals in competing regions.
The plan calls for a full-scale review of the reorganization and integration of the target hospitals in October, and for a conclusion to be reached by September next year.
It is not enforceable, but there is expected to be a backlash from local chiefs and residents over fears that hospitals close to them will disappear.
It was announced at a meeting on the same day.
The target hospitals accounted for 29.1% of the total, and there were many hospitals with relatively few beds.
By prefecture, the proportion was highest in Niigata (53.7%), Hokkaido (48.6%), Miyagi (47.5%), Yamaguchi (46.7%), and Okayama (43.3%).
The largest number of subjects was 54 in Hokkaido, and the only one was zero in Okinawa.
Based on data from fiscal 2017, the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare surveyed 1455 public and public hospitals that can respond to the "high acute phase" for severe patients and the "acute phase" for general surgery.
They analyzed the results of nine items, such as cancer and emergency medicine, and whether competing hospitals were located "within a 20-minute drive," to determine the necessity of publishing the names of hospitals.
Target hospitals will be asked to consider abolishing the practice and moving some departments to other hospitals.
Health care costs will skyrocket in the next 25 years, when all baby boomers will be over the age of 75.
For this reason, the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare (MHLW) has set a goal of reducing the number of hospital beds nationwide to 1,191 thousand in 2018.
Currently, there are a large number of beds in the "high acute phase" and "acute phase," which are heavily staffed with nurses and incur medical expenses, but there is a shortage of beds for rehabilitation with high needs for the elderly.
In order to cope with the aging population, it is necessary not only to reduce the number of beds, but also to increase the number of beds for rehabilitation.
Regarding the reorganization and integration of hospitals, each prefecture has formulated a "regional medical concept" that specifies the number of beds needed for 25 years.
It divides the country into 339 districts and consults with local governments and health officials, but many local residents and chiefs maintain a cautious stance, making the discussions difficult.
The Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare (MHLW) hopes to revitalize the debate by publicizing the names of hospitals with poor records.
Mount Komagatake eruption forecast, road and other comprehensive disaster prevention drills wide area with residents participating for first time in 18 years (VIDEO): Hokkaido Shimbun
A comprehensive disaster prevention drill simulating an eruption of Mt.Komagatake (1,131 meters) was held on September 27 in the forests within the jurisdiction of Oshima, Nanae and Shikabe Town.
About 400 residents and officials from 20 organizations, including the provincial government and three towns, participated in the event.
The event was held for the first time since the Hokkaido Komagatake Volcano Disaster Prevention Council formulated an evacuation plan in August that included evacuation routes for residents.
This is the first time in 18 years that residents have participated in a wide-area training.
It is assumed that Mt.Komagatake erupted at 8: 45 a.m. and a mudslide reached the town at the foot of the mountain.
When the eruption alert level was raised to 5 (evacuation), evacuation centers were opened in the towns of Mori and Nanae, and residents were transported by buses and road police vehicles prepared by each town.
100,000 students rally in Vancouver to demand action on global warming during school holidays - Yahoo! news
About 100,000 people, mostly students who sympathized with 16-year-old environmental activist Greta Thunberg, took to the streets of Vancouver on September 27 to demand action on climate change.
A scene from a climate demonstration in Vancouver
The march took place from Vancouver City Hall across the Cambie Bridge to the downtown library.
People holding placards started to gather in front of the meeting place, City Hall, a few hours before the start, and by 13: 00 of the start time, there were enough people to fill the road a few blocks in front of City Hall.
Since then, the number of participants has continued to increase, eventually reaching more than 100,000 people.
On the road along the way, the police also cooperated in regulating the road and watched for several hours until all the people had finished walking.
In conjunction with the United Nations Climate Action Summit in New York City, a number of events have been held in Vancouver since last weekend to think about global warming.
On the 27th, the last day of the school strike, "Fridays for Future" was held.
The students who took the day off from school appealed to adults that they wanted to protect the earth even if they had to take a break from school, and many adults who took the day off from work responded by saying, "We will do our best for the future of children who are seriously thinking about learning."
Swine fever vaccine recommended in 9 prefectures Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries (Gifu Shimbun Newspaper) - Yahoo! news
The Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries (MAFF) announced on April 27 that it will revise its epidemic prevention guidelines to allow preventive vaccination of farmed pigs, which is not currently allowed, in order to prevent the spread of the disease.
The government plans to select nine prefectures, including Gifu and Aichi, where outbreaks of the disease have been confirmed in pigs and wild boar.
The movement of vaccinated live pigs, fertilized eggs, etc. is restricted within the region, but the distribution of meat and processed products is permitted outside the region.
It aims to complete the procedure by the end of October at the earliest, after making public comments to the public.
By using vaccines and allowing the distribution of meat and other products outside the region, the country would no longer be a "clean country" that had been recognized by international organizations, which could have an impact on pork exports.
Since the outbreak in September last year, Japan's status as a clean country has been temporarily on hold.
Under the proposed amendment, the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries has set up "vaccination recommended areas" in areas where there is a high risk of infection from wild boar to pigs, based on the opinions of experts.
The target prefecture will create a "vaccination program" that summarizes the scope and timing of vaccination, the number of vaccinators, and how to proceed. the program will be confirmed by the ministry and approved for use at the governor's discretion.
The other seven prefectures that have been proposed as recommended vaccination areas are Saitama, Toyama, Ishikawa, Fukui, Nagano, Mie, and Shiga.
When the Guidelines are revised, the region will review the situation and decide anew.
In principle, the movement of inoculated pigs, semen, fertilized eggs, corpses, excrement, etc. is restricted within the region.
Meat and processed products will not be targeted based on the cost of restricting distribution and the impact on farmers, and will in effect be allowed to be distributed outside the region.
Thoroughly dispose of food waste in order not to spread the virus.
They also advocate for the safety of inoculated pigs and work to prevent reputational damage.
The revised guidelines were compiled by a panel of experts held on the same day, and confirmed at a meeting of the Infectious Disease Control Headquarters.
In the future, opinions will be referred to the prefectural government and public comments will be made until October 7 to implement the new epidemic prevention guidelines.
Keisuke Honda, an independent, makes a public approach to Man U!
"give me an offer, I don't need the money" (Football Channel) - Yahoo! news
9 / 28 (Sat) 2: 57 delivery
After leaving Melbourne Victory in the Australian A-League last season, former Japanese midfielder Keisuke Honda, who is currently an independent player, made a surprising move.
[video] Keisuke Honda, were you actually in the game?
The staggering truth will be revealed.
Honda, who updated his Twitter account at midnight on the 27th, made a public approach to a club, saying, "Please make me an offer, I don't need the money, but I need to play with a great team and a great teammate."
The "reverse offer" was sent to Manchester United, one of the most prestigious clubs in the world.
Why did Honda make such a grand request to one of the Premier League's most powerful clubs?
It all started with an article on the Australian version of Fox Sports, which was published on the 24th.
In an article entitled "The five forwards Manchester United may have in the midst of an injury crisis," five independent players who are currently available were picked up.
Among the players such as Hatem Ben Arfa, Giuseppe Rossi and Wilfredo Bonny, Honda's name was also mentioned.
United are currently in a state of emergency following a spate of injuries to midfielder Paul Pogba and defenders Luke Shaw, Eric Bailly, Anthony Martial and Marcus .
The Red Devils, led by Ole Gunnar Solskjær, have had a difficult start to the season, with 22 wins from two in the league, and have issues with the quality of their front line.
Therefore, it was Honda who was named by the Australian media as a candidate for the new force.
According to the article, "Honda's contract as a creative player, rather than a striker, could fill the void left by Andreas Pereira."
His nine goals in 18 appearances for Melbourne Victory is a "solid record," but it has also been pointed out that "33-year-old Honda needs to step away from his entertainment of managing the Cambodian national team and get full attention."
Will Honda's approach really bear fruit?
It will be interesting to see if United make a move for the veteran, whose stated goal is to compete at the Tokyo Olympics next year.
Completed installation of 500 portable translators Free loan to Hamamatsu Chamber of Commerce and shops
"PokeTalk," a portable translation machine that is loaned free of charge to 500 stores and other locations in Hamamatsu City
The Hamamatsu Chamber of Commerce and Industry announced on February 26 that it has completed the installation of a total of 500 portable translators at stores in Hamamatsu City.
It is said to be the first time in Japan that the translator will be deployed centrally in the same region, and attention will be paid to whether it will lead to an improvement in the ability to respond to inbound (inbound travelers).
The loans were made to 236 restaurants, 113 retail stores, 17 accommodations, and 134 others.
The district covers 60% of the city.
The company has also started displaying lending destinations on its map app, Google Maps, so that users can see the locations of "foreign-language stores" on their smartphones.
It can be accessed from the Lake Hamana Tourist Area website.
The free loan of PokeTalk, which supports 74 languages, was launched in April in response to the declaration of Hamamatsu as Japan's number one inbound support city by nine organizations in the city.
The Chamber of Commerce will purchase 500 units and lend them to small- and medium-sized businesses that meet conditions such as receiving hospitality certification and introducing cashless payments for two years.
"we hope that this will lead to the development of new foreign customers in a tough business environment," said a representative of the Chamber of Commerce.
Kanze Ikemura, who is now a master of direct Dora, doesn't need a tie-up for the first shot?
My caddie's best shot today.
A 1W shot is not necessarily something to tee up and hit.
There is also a technique called "Direct Dora" where you hit the ball on the ground when you want to gain distance, such as the second shot of the par-5.
In the recent 1W, there is a risk that the ball will scatter due to the large head volume, but there are players who practice this frequently even on the ground.
Kanze Ikemura is waiting for his first victory on the Tour.
The 24-year-old, who is in his seventh year as a professional, is small at 166 cm tall and currently ranks seventh in the Driving Distance category (average 304.02 yd).
While he excelled at long shots, one of the challenges was the accuracy of the fairway wood.
In early spring, he opened his eyes and said, "I didn't like the spoon (3W) shot, so I thought I'd do a straight Dora."
From the practice round, you can drop the ball on the turf of the tea area and shake off 1W.
In cases where a big carry is required, tie-up is often used, but both sides make effective use of direct Dora in narrow holes and so on.
"you can use it in a hall where the line of sight is lowered."
The ballistics instrument recorded between 270 and 280 yd in the carry.
"that's why I don't need 3W, my caddie can feel more secure than 3W..."
Since the "Japan Tour Championship" in June, Woods has only 1W in his caddie bag.
The second longest club is Loft 17 degrees UT.
The tactics surprised even my tour companions, and I was happy to hear the voices of admiration leaking from the gallery I saw.
The trick, he said, is to "shake the club to a level (horizontal)."
"even if you hit it with a down blow or an upper, it will not fly straight, if it is a cut trajectory, it will go to the right.Originally I was doing a straight drag to straighten the swing of a 1W shot (at the time of tie-up).
The ball is not caught and there is a risk of a slice, "so the left side can be erased (it does not turn to the left)."
Although it is easy to say... it is a professional skill that groans involuntarily.
First ice at Mt Norikura Tatamidaira (Gifu Shimbun Newspaper) - Yahoo! news
Ice observed for the first time this season at Tsurugaike Pond in Tatamidaira, Mt. Norikura, in the morning of the 27th, Nyukawa Town, Takayama City (courtesy of Norikura Skyline Management Office)
On the 27th, ice was observed for the first time this season at Tsurugaike Pond in Tatamidaira (Niukawa-cho, Takayama City, Gifu Prefecture, 2702 meters above sea level) of Mt.Norikura in the Northern Alps.
It is four days later than last year and one day earlier than the average for the past decade.
According to the Norikura Skyline Management Office, at around 6: 25 a.m., officials patrolling the road spotted ice about 2 millimeters thick on the west side of Tsurugaike Pond.
The weather at the time of the observation was sunny and the temperature was 3 degrees Celsius.
According to the provincial meteorological observatory of Gifu Prefecture, the lowest temperature in the prefecture was 9.5 degrees Celsius in six stables in the town of Shokawa-machi.
Let's experience the Para competition!
Until tomorrow Caravan event at Aeon Onahama "The official website
Aiming to build momentum for the 2020 Tokyo Paralympics, Tokio Marine and Nichido Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. launched the "Challenge 6 in Fukushima Prefecture," a caravan event in six prefectures in the Tohoku region, at AEON Mall Iwaki Onahama on March 28.
There is a corner where you can experience six Paralympic sports such as boccia, wheelchair fencing, wheelchair basketball, goal ball, track and field, and wheelchair rugby, and it is crowded with shoppers.
Challenge 6 was held from July to October at one location in each of the six prefectures in the Tohoku region, and Aeon Mall Iwaki Onahama in Fukushima Prefecture was the venue.
Paralympic sports are still relatively unknown compared to Olympic sports, but through Challenge 6, the aim is to gain the understanding of as many people as possible by having the same experience as a para-athlete.
At the venue, dressed in a yellow costume, comedian Dandy Sakano, who is familiar with "Getz!," visited and experienced the competition together, and it was lively.
On the 29th, Mr. Shinji Magee, a comedian, comes running.
Until the 29th.
Hours are 10: 00 a.m. to 5: 00 p.m.
The outline of the construction of the children's play facility and Minaminumabara Elementary School is determined by Yamagata City Yamagata Shimbun
The winning bidder for the children's play facility and Minaminumahara Elementary School, which Yamagata City is planning to build under the Private Finance Initiative (PFI) scheme, was given an overview of the facility at a standing committee meeting held on the 26th.
An image of a new children's play facility to be built in Kataya, Yamagata City
The children's play facility is planned to be built on the north side of Kyushu in the Katayachi district of Yamagata Prefecture, with an area of approximately 23,400 square meters.
The building is a single-story steel structure with a total floor area of approximately 3,000 square meters.
It is equipped with a semi-underground gymnasium, a cafe, and a book corner.
In addition, there will be universal design playground equipment for children with disabilities to play outdoors, and 300 parking spaces will be secured.
A committee meeting was held at the city hall on the 5th of this month, and a shelter group made up of 13 companies (Yamagata City) won the bid for 3.05 billion yen, including design, preparation, maintenance and operation costs for 15 years.
It will begin design and construction in January next year, and is scheduled to open in March 2022.
An artist's impression of Minami Numahara Elementary School
Minami-Numabara Elementary School is a large school with more than 900 students.
It is planned to be built on the north side of the current school building in Iizawa City, covering an area of approximately 21,500 square meters.
It is a three-story reinforced concrete building with a total floor area of approximately 8580 square meters.
There are 30 classrooms, including two swimming pools, a steel-framed gymnasium, and an after-school children's club.
At a review committee meeting on June 6, the Ichimura Works Group (Yamagata City), which consists of eight companies, won the bid for 4,51.21 million yen, including the design, demolition of the old school building, and maintenance and operation costs for 15 years.
It was designed and built in December, and is scheduled to be completed in October 2010.
Araki Araki and Kora Kengo star in Fuji drama series' Beethoven '- Yahoo! news
Actress Shuri (29) is set to star in the new Fuji TV drama "Beethoven," starring Araki Yuko (25) and Kora Kengo (31).
Shuri plays Chizuru Kaga, a coworker at a major food manufacturer, who is played by Kenta Hamano (38) and Akio Yamashita.
Chizuru, an original character of the drama who does not appear in the original, is not interested in marriage, and divides marriage as a "means" to avoid financial troubles.
Yamashita appears there.
Seeing the future that flourished from the rare Hokkaido to the Tokyo head office and the beautiful way to eat rice, he approached "just the right marriage partner."
Chizuru seems to be mentally strong, but in fact, like tofu, his mental strength is weak.
In order to develop a love strategy that doesn't hurt, she becomes violently upset when things don't go as expected.
Chizuru, who lives a life of bravado, meets Yurika and Yamashita, played by Araki Yuko, and changes as she comes into contact with them.
This is the first time that Shuri, who has appeared in a number of topical dramas such as NHK's TV drama series "Toto Neechan" (April to October 2016) and TBS's "Black Pean" (April 2018), will appear in a Fuji terrestrial drama.
Shuri said, "I have a lot of roles where love doesn't come to fruition for some reason, so I hope that this time (love) will come to fruition (laughs).
It has also been decided that Okura Soruto (17) will play Hattori Bou, a junior employee of Chizuru.
Okura, who becomes the youngest member of the regular cast, gives a fresh performance brimming with youth.
10 Days of GQ Men - Day 9 "Skateboarding with Friends" (GQ JAPAN) - Yahoo! news
The only means of transportation is skateboarding!
I've been hooked since a friend invited me to start skiing.
I'm still a beginner, but it feels good to run through the asphalt with a push.
Filson's hunting jacket is convenient because it can be put in smartphones, wallets and luggage, and it can be hands-free.
With shorts, you can feel the wind directly and it feels good.
Light on your feet, of course, with a pair of Converse skateboard shoes.
The fashion and culture around skateboarding is also cool, so I check magazines and Insta frequently!
As for haircuts, I started going to a salon run by a skater hairdresser in Yutenji.
They taught me a lot of tricks and skateboard park information that I haven't been able to do yet, and I'm inspired by them.
After school, it is our daily routine to walk around the city with a skateboard with friends.
Items to wear ・ Beanie 10,000 yen (ANDERSEN-ANDERSEN / Maiden Company TEL 03-5410-9777) ・ Best 23,000 yen (FILSON / Outer Limits TEL 03-5413-6957) ・ Tops 12,000 yen (PRE _ / WAG ink TEL 03-5791-1501) ・ Shorts 6,800 yen (PROPPER / High)
Minister of Health, Labor and Welfare to meet with leprosy families Shizuoka Prefecture has also held talks with three ministries to resolve discrimination.
Minister of Health, Labour and Welfare Katsunobu Kato announced at a press conference after a cabinet meeting on October 27 that he would meet with the families of former leprosy patients on October 2.
The ministry also announced that it would hold consultations with the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare, the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology, and the Ministry of Justice on the same day in an effort to eliminate discrimination and prejudice against former patients and their families.
Mr. Kato said, "I would like to listen carefully to the voices of the families and make every effort to solve the problem."
As for the families of former patients, the Kumamoto District Court in June ordered the government to pay a total of 376 million yen to 541 plaintiffs.
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe announced the postponement of the appeal, and the ruling was finalized.
It also said that the government would engage in activities such as compensation measures and human rights awareness.
A chance for aspiring male models!
Narita Ryo and other models who are also widely active as actors and talents Participate in 35 performing arts professional and model agencies "Model Special Audition 2019" (Debut) - Yahoo! news
Among the participating companies, there are not only models such as Narita Ryo, but also many affiliated offices of male models who demonstrate multi-talented talents such as actors.
[photo] belonging to SOS Model Agency: Kenji Taniguchi
"Sony Music Artists" belongs to Narita Ryo, who is an exclusive model for the magazine "MEN'S NON-NO" (Shueisha) and has a high reputation as an actor, such as appearing in the movie "human disqualification" (public release) and starring in the movie "Mamoru!" (scheduled to be released on December 13).
Yohji Yamamoto "SOS Model Agency" belongs to Kenshi Taniguchi who plays the role of Amazon Alpha / Hitoshi Takayama in the movie "Kamen Rider Amazons" and Commander Yuki in the stage "Joker Game."
Stage "Touken Ranbu" Jiden ~ Sun's leaves scatter ~ Jiro Tachi role, Hyper projection theater "Haikyu!!" series "Jeunesse" belonging to Ryotaro Kosaka who is active in 2.5-dimensional stage such as Hotaru Tsukishima.
"NVRMND inc." belongs to Sojiro Yasunaga, who has modeled for Amazon Fashon Week and fashion magazine editorials, and is also active in various brand models such as UNIQLO, NIKE, adidas recently.
In addition to commercials for HIROTO's "Prestige" and Santen Pharmaceutical's "Sun Medical" appearing in commercials for WEGO, Colopl, LINEB612, TikTok, Johnson and Johnson, etc., a creative Japan agency belonging to Ryumori Sakae appearing on the stage "gentle devil," "Akimachi Twilight," "Marigold - flower language of despair."
In addition to men's fashion magazines such as "Popeye" and "Smart," she has appeared in many women's magazines.
A number of model offices are participating, including LOOKBOOK, a domestic and international brand, and Barquin Style, to which Hayase, who is active in a wide range of fields including advertising, belongs.
Before Akutagawa's suicide, he published his own manuscript for the first time.
Ryunosuke Akutagawa's autograph manuscript to be unveiled for the first time at Tabata Bunshi Mura Memorial Museum
Ryunosuke Akutagawa (1892-1927), a writer, published an essay in the last years of his life in which he fought literary theory with Junichiro Tanizaki.
It will be on display at the museum from October 1.
It was known that there were essays included in the complete collection, but it is said that this is the first time that an autograph manuscript has been made available to the public.
It is thought to have been written a few months before Akutagawa committed suicide.
A total of 12 essays on 200-character manuscript paper were published in the April 27 issue of Bungei Shunju.
Greta Thunberg: "why do adults sneer and threaten children?" she questioned on Twitter.
Swedish environmental activist Greta Thunberg speaks at the United Nations Climate Action Summit in New York on September 23.
On the one hand, the speech has attracted attention, but on the other hand, there have been messages that seem to insult Greta.
[collection of Tweets] Greta Thunberg: why adults sneer at and threaten children
A political commentator has apologised after saying on an American TV show that Greta is "mentally ill, being used by her parents and international leftists."
In Japan, there are many comments on the Internet about Greta, such as "I feel sorry that you are being used" and "You should go to school."
On September 26, Greta posted on her Twitter account, "Why do adults spend their time mocking and threatening teenagers and children?"
"I come up with every lie and conspiracy theory I can think of."
Greta began her post by saying, "Here we go again, and as you can see, the people who hate me are as active as ever: they chase me around the way I look, my clothes, my attitude, and where I am different, and they come up with all the lies and conspiracy theories they can think of."
He pointed out that adults seem to be shifting their talking points because they do not want to confront the climate and environmental crisis.
To be honest, I don't understand why adults spend their time mocking and threatening teenagers and children.
On that time would be able to do another good.
As far as I'm concerned, they probably feel threatened by us.
But don't spend your time paying any more attention to them.
The world is starting to wake up.
Change is coming.
It doesn't matter if the adults like the change or not.
See you on the street on Friday!
On Friday the 20th of the previous week, climate strikes were held in New York and other cities around the world.
Greta had called for it to be done on Friday the 27th.
In the Kamakura period, the Kamakura period, the Kamakura period, the Muromachi period, the Muromachi bakufu (Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun), the Muromachi bakufu (Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun), the Kamakura bakufu (Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun), the Kamakura bakufu (Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun), the Kamakura bakufu (Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun), the Kamakura bakufu (Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun), and the Muromachi bakufu (Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun).
[program Council] Akita TV (Sankei Shimbun) - Yahoo! news
The 432nd meeting of the Akita Television Broadcasting Program Council (Chairman Kiyohiko Ebata) was held to discuss the "really delicious Akita curry recommended by editors, culinary professionals and celebrities" broadcast on August 16.
The program introduced each favorite curry shop, points to enjoy the taste of professionals at home, and the secret story of the birth of the special retort curry.
The committee members commented, "It is simple and the concept and theme are clear," "It was interesting until the end, there was a tempo with the appearance of curry bread," and "I could see it from a different perspective from the gourmet site."
Rikuya Hoshino "I learned that the grass grain of the rough was different from usual" (Golf Network) - Yahoo! news
Rikuya Hoshino closed with an eagle, two birdies and a bogey for a 68 in the final round at Bear's Best Cheongna Golf Club in South Korea on Thursday.
[video] Coming to Japan!
Garcia's wedge shot.
I was able to stretch it to a certain extent in the first half, so I thought I could go with that momentum in the second half, but the putter was not working well and I couldn't stretch it, so that was frustrating.
Did you see the eagle on No. 6 and the birdie on No. 7?
Even after I made bogey on No. 4, there was still a par 5 left, so I was feeling like getting it back, and then a chip-in eagle came at No. 6.
I was able to get a birdie on No. 7, which gave me a chance, but I was still frustrated that I couldn't extend it in the second half.
What did you gain from this tournament?
I haven't been playing well (with my shots) recently, so it was good to be able to keep it tight on a course with narrow fairways.
It was a course where the rough and the reverse of the order were different and the way to hit and the distance changed, so I didn't have much (experience), so it was quite a learning experience.
What is the difference from a regular tournament?
It was a place where it was possible to shoot with a camera (such as a smartphone).
I didn't care at all, but the gallery took quite a lot of videos.
Other than that, there was not much that changed, but it was a tournament co-hosted by only a few Japanese players, so I went into the game with the feeling that "I will not lose to overseas players."
The second half will continue from now on, but if you don't win more than one, you won't be able to aim for the top prize, so I want to win another one, and there is a ZOZO Championship in the near future, so I will do my best to get to the top of the competition and qualify for it.
How to prevent dementia and keep it to the level of "memory loss"?
Interview and text by Yo Watanabe
Dementia drugs have suffered setbacks as major pharmaceutical companies and university hospitals have taken on the challenge of research and development.
However, the relationship between dementia and lifestyle habits is being elucidated, and it seems that it is becoming clear that there is a possibility that it can be kept to a very slight degree of memory.
We spoke to Professor Shunsuke Otsuki of Kindai University Hospital Stroke Center.
Dementia is not going away.
- Dementia prevention or treatment drugs are eagerly awaited, but what is the current situation?
Otsuki: from mild to severe, there is a possibility that everyone will get dementia when they get older, regardless of the degree of difference.
However, it is thought that it will still take more than 20 years for new dementia drugs to be developed.
A drug called donepezil, which is often used in Japan, is already not covered by insurance in some countries overseas, and it is not expected to have a significant complete cure effect.
On the other hand, deaths from infectious diseases and accidents have decreased, and cancer deaths have also decreased due to the remarkable progress in the treatment of anticancer drugs, etc., and people have been able to live longer.
Therefore, it is also true that the number of dementia patients is increasing.
It is not something that can be solved by individuals or their families alone, but it is necessary to create an environment in which society as a whole can live with peace of mind in the community.
How to keep it to the extent that it's "forgotten."
- Are there people who are prone to dementia and those who are difficult to become?
Otsuki Even if dementia is inevitable, there is a possibility that symptoms can be suppressed as much as possible and kept to the extent of "forgetting."
Dementia is considered to be one of the lifestyle-related diseases, and there is a tendency for people who are prone to it.
First of all, people with metabolic syndrome tend to be more prone to dementia.
Dementia is regarded as one of the lifestyle-related diseases.
It is a combination of obesity, high blood pressure, diabetes and high cholesterol.
The presence or absence of economic power also has an impact.
For example, in the United States, there are regions where food tickets are distributed to the poor, but the foods that can be received with food tickets are frozen hamburgers, pizza, and chicken that can be stored.
It can be used by people who can't use gas or electricity and live in an environment where they can't cook in the first place.
If you do, you will end up eating a diet that is low in vegetables and protein, and you will end up living a lifestyle that is biased toward lipids and carbohydrates.
Eventually, they become poor but obese, and the only thing they have to do is watch TV and become physically disabled.
A similar situation can be found in Japan.
In addition, people who do not think about things or do not work are also prone to dementia.
In other words, in order to prevent dementia, it is necessary to read books and think about things on a daily basis.
Okayama tourism and special products PR Bicchu Marche Manki-dong VR also appeared in Osaka.
The "Okayama Sunny Country Bicchu Marche" (organized by the prefectural Bicchu Prefectural Office, etc.), which promotes sightseeing spots and specialty products in the Bicchu area, kicked off on March 27 at the plaza of JR Osaka Station for two days.
Niimi City, which was hit by localized downpours earlier this month, set up a VR (virtual reality) experience corner in Mankido to sell its appeal to people in the Kansai region.
Seven municipalities participated: Kurashiki, Kasaoka, Ihara, Sosha, Niimi, Asakuchi, and Yagake.
There were fan making using masking tape (Kurashiki City), denim key holder making (Ihara City), kaleidoscope making (Asakuchi City), etc. related to the telescope of the observatory, and station users stopped by.
In the VR experience of Manqi-dong, visitors used special goggles to simulate walking in the cave.
"if you look to the left, you can see the scenery on the left, and if you look to the right, you can see the scenery on the right," said a woman (52) in Itami City, Hyogo Prefecture.
Thank you very much!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Minamoto no Yoshitsune (year of birth and death unknown) was a daimyo (Japanese feudal lord) who lived during the period of the Muromachi bakufu (Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun) in the Sengoku period (period of warring states).
He gave an interview at Ryogoku Kokugikan Stadium in Tokyo, where he participated in flower sumo.
On the 27th, Takano Fuji held a press conference in which he expressed his desire to continue his career.
Minamoto no Yoshitsune (year of birth and death unknown) was a busho (Japanese military commander) who lived during the Sengoku Period (Period of Warring States).
"I grew up in the same environment, but my brother and I have different ways of thinking," he said.
Jaguar F-PACE to make its first major improvements... and the possibility of hybridization (Response) - Yahoo! news
An improved prototype of Jaguar's first crossover SUV, the F-PACE (F Pace), was captured for the first time by a camera in southern Europe.
The F-PACE has its origins in the C-X17, a four-seater concept SUV that was first unveiled in 2013.
After that, a 5 seater version was released in 2014, and officially debuted as "F-PACE" at the Frankfurt Motor Show in 2015.
The current model will be released in 2016, and this will be the first facelift.
The captured prototype is covered in thick camouflage, but part of the new design can be seen.
The headlights are designed to be more compact and thin, and the side air intake seems to have been modified to a sporty oval shape.
The grill is completely disguised, but there's no doubt it will be redesigned.
At the rear end, you can see part of the revamped taillight, which is equipped with an elongated reverse light at the top.
There seems to be a possibility that the design that goes around the side as much as the current model has been modified into a compact.
Inside the cabin, the company's "Pivi Pro" touchscreen infotainment system is expected to be installed, as well as a new digital cluster, HVAC control screen, steering wheel and gear selector will be refreshed.
The powertrain is expected to be a 2.0-liter 4-cylinder turbo diesel, as well as a 3.0-liter 6-cylinder Ingenium hybrid.
It looks like the film will have its world premiere in 2020.
Sales surge due to nuclear power plant construction | Shizuoka Shimbun Co., Ltd.
The head office of Kansai Electric Power Co., Inc.: in the afternoon of the 27th, Osaka City (from Kyodo News Helicopter)
Kansai Electric Power Chairman Makoto Yagi (69) and others received money from Eiji Moriyama (who died in March this year at the age of 90) for an elementary school to be built on a plot of land in Takahama, Fukui Prefecture, where Kansai Electric Power's Takahama nuclear power plant is located.
The construction company was established in 1981 under the name "Yoshida Development."
According to the credit reporting company, revenue for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2013 was 350 million yen, but it exceeded 1 billion yen in the fiscal year ended August 15, 2015, and 2.1 billion yen in the fiscal year ended August 18, 2018.
The construction work related to the nuclear power plant of Kansai Electric Power Co., Ltd. accounted for a large part of the work.
Driving in Kagoshima City "I'm going to kill" A man was arrested on suspicion of blackmail (KTS Fuji Television) - Yahoo! news
On the 24th of this month, on a national highway in Kagoshima City, an unemployed 33-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of "driving aggressively" and threatening to "kill" a man who was driving.
Miyahara Masaru (33), an unemployed man from Karaminato 4-chome in Kagoshima City, was arrested on suspicion of blackmail.
Miyahara is suspected of making threats such as "I'm going to kill you" at an intersection and persistently chasing a vehicle driven by a 24-year-old man on a national highway in Kagoshima City past midnight on March 24.
On the 25th, the man filed a damage report and the police were investigating, but on the afternoon of the 26th, Miyahara appeared at the police station accompanied by a friend and was arrested.
Miyahara pleaded guilty to the charges and said that he had been "forced to brake suddenly."
According to the police, it is suspected that Miyahara was driving without a license.
News ・ The contents of Keiichiro Koyama's meal of the day are open to the public!
 inferior TOKYO MX "Keiichiro Koyama's BORDER 30" (Television) - Yahoo! news
On Friday, September 27, the third edition of "Keiichiro Koyama's BORDER 30" (TOKYO MX), a new health promotion variety program hosted by Keiichiro Koyama of NEWS, was broadcast.
Comments also arrived from Koyama, who had finished the recording.
[see image]
In order to stay healthy in the future, it is important to spend time in your 30s... Keiichiro Koyama learns about health!
In this program, Koyama, who has become concerned about his health at the age of 35, learns what he wants to know about health, "A health program for young people."
The show will feature specialists from a variety of fields, answering questions from Koyama and his guests.
This year's theme is "Vitamins."
Guests include Naoko Nozawa and Diana Extravaganza, who will learn about the different types of vitamins and how they work.
In addition, in order to make sure that Koyama, who is always careful about his health, has enough vitamins, there is also a plan to publish the contents of his daily diet.
Koyama, who finished recording this time, commented, "I think that there are many people who do not know how vitamins are related to their health, and I would like you to resolve the misunderstanding that you can not take only certain vitamins with this program!"
Mr. Onsaligo gave me strength I worked as a pacemaker in Nagai, elementary school track and field, and three people broke the tournament record Yamagata Shimbun
Children who run hard in the women's 800 meters.
On the left is pacemaker Joseph Onsaligo = Nagai City, Koyo Seiki Athlete Field Nagai
The Nagai Elementary School Friendship Track and Field Championships were held on March 26 at the Nagai Athletic Field in Nagai City. Joseph Onsarigo (27), a Kenyan long-distance runner from Nasu Construction Co., Ltd., was the pacemaker for one of the races.
He "set" a new tournament record for the three runners with a light run.
Onsaligo led the children in four races: the men's 1,000 meters and the women's 800 meters.
Tomoya Koseki (6th year of Hirano Elementary School) won the men's race in 3: 04.38, Rara Shikama (6th year of Isazawa Elementary School) won the women's race in 2: 34.17 and Rin Asano (6th year of Nagai Elementary School) won the women's race in 2: 35.73.
Mr. Ozeki said, "It was hard to keep up with the fast Onsarigo player, but I was able to endure it."
Onsaligo was pleased, saying, "The children ran well, and I was able to do a perfect job."
The tournament was organized by the Nagai City Elementary School Sports Promotion Association and other organizations to promote friendship among sixth graders in the city, and was held for the 39th time.
Toshiyuki Nishida, jealous of Akira Nakao, dismissed it as "different level" "I appeared in red and white three times" Sports News - Yahoo!
Actors Hidetoshi Nishijima (48), Toshiyuki Nishida (71) and Akira Nakao (77) took part in a post-screening Q and A session at Toho Cinemas Shinjuku in Tokyo on March 27.
It is a Regulator comedy with a unique and strong cast.
Nishida not only performed but also performed an arranged version of "Until the day we meet again" as an insert song in a tag team with the Tokyo Ska Paradise Orchestra.
In response to this, Nakao said, "The most frustrating thing about watching the movie was that Nishida sang it."
Nishida boasts, "I've been to Kohaku three times in the past, and if I can, I'd rather say I'm a singer than an actor. (Nakao) is on a different level."
He then promised to perform a live song "if and when the film's sellout continues."
Cutting-edge Art Introducing the Other World The Okayama Art Exchange Opens in the Center of the City:???????????????????????????????????????
People touring the classroom that became the stage for a video work depicting the future 3,000 years later = Former Uchiyamashita Elementary School
The international art exhibition "Okayama Art Exchange 2019" (organized by the executive committee of the city, prefecture, etc.), which is held every three years in the center of Okayama City, opened on the 27th.
Along with the enigmatic title "IF THE SNAKE If A Snake," art fans from Japan and abroad are enjoying cutting-edge art created by 18 artists from nine countries.
For the second time in 16 years, French artist Pierre Huyghe has been invited as artistic director to present works that make use of Okayama's climate and local resources.
About 40 video and three-dimensional works will be exhibited at 13 locations including the former Uchiyamashita Elementary School (Marunouchi, Kita-ku, Okayama City, Okayama Prefecture) and the Tenjinyama Culture Plaza (Tenjincho, Okayama Prefecture).
Prior to the opening ceremony, there was a small opening ceremony, attended by about 100 people.
Mayor Masao Omori, chairman of the executive committee, and General Producer Yasuharu Ishikawa said, "We have a collection of works that stimulate intellectual sensitivity, imagination and creativity, and it will be an exhibition that attracts attention from the world," and cut the ribbon.
Families and school children who visited immediately saw a snake-shaped robot that wiggles its body in response to the sound of the surroundings in the ring in the schoolyard, and toured the school building that had been turned into a stage for a video work depicting the world 3,000 years later.
I was enjoying the art that took me to another world.
A first-year high school student in Tokyo (15), who was traveling with his father, said, "The work that makes use of the atmosphere of the old school building is interesting, and it makes you imagine the time that flowed to this place."
It is closed on Mondays (in the case of national holidays, the next day) until November 24.
Tens of thousands rally in Hong Kong after 5 years of Umbrella Movement, aiming for universal suffrage.
People gather at a rally venue to mark five years since the start of the Umbrella Movement in Hong Kong on March 28 (Kyodo News)
Hong KONG, Feb 28 (Reuters) - Tens of thousands of people rallied in a park near the Hong Kong government headquarters building in Admiralty on Friday, five years to the day since the 2014 Umbrella Movement, a mass demonstration calling for greater democracy in the election of Hong Kong's chief executive.
Around the venue, some young people occupied a main road and threw Molotov cocktails at the government building.
Amid the ongoing protests triggered by the proposed extradition bill, the participants renewed their determination to fight until the realization of "true universal suffrage," which they had not been able to win at the time.
The protests, which began in earnest in June, have now lasted 112 days, more than the 79 days of the Umbrella Movement. the demonstrators' demands have expanded to include "five major demands," including reform of the electoral system.
Today is the 28th!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The opening ceremony of the 74th National Sports Festival "Ikiiki Ibaraki Yume National Sports Festival 2019" will be held on October 28 at Kasamatsu Athletic Park in Hitachinaka City, Ibaraki Prefecture.
In Saga Prefecture, about 400 athletes and coaches participated in 33 competitions, excluding those held before the event.
The prefecture had been ranked 43rd for three years in a row until last year, when it was ranked 33rd.
Preparations are also underway for a national sports tournament to be held in the prefecture in 2023, with the goal of finishing in the low 20s this year.
In the pre-session competition that was held until the 16th, Saga Girls High School for boys and girls in rhythmic gymnastics and adult girls and boys and girls in gymnastics both won sixth place and gained momentum.
I want to go with the flow and aim to advance to the top in each competition.
In the Opening Ceremony, a total of 83 players, coaches, and head office officials participated in the tournament, with junior rugby player Kugo Ishikawa (Saga Technical High School) serving as the flag bearer.
On the first day, there will be three competitions: wrestling, table tennis and karate.
