Nana Suzuki, who ranked 2nd in the "disliked women ranking", confessed a messed-up episode such as "too rude body touch" (The Television)-Yahoo! News
On Monday, September 30th, Nana Suzuki was on stage as "Shikuji-sensei" at "Mr. Shikuji-sensei, don't be like me!" (Every Monday midnight 0:20-0:50, TV Asahi).
We will show a messed up episode of studio turmoil.
[See the photo] Don't all the studios?
Nana Suzuki demonstrates "Too rude body touch"
Also, from 0:50 midnight immediately after terrestrial broadcasting, the full version of the lesson and the comedy research department will be distributed on AbemaTV's "Abema Video".
In this broadcast, Suzuki will appear as "a teacher who would have been disliked by the public without knowing it if he did his best" and gave a lesson.
Suzuki made her model debut in Gal magazine in 2007 at the age of 18.
Since making her first appearance on a television program in 2011, she has been active in enlivening the variety with high tension talk and overreaction.
Such Suzuki, in the first year of Reiwa, won the 1st place in "Variety and Other Category" of "Dislike Women Ranking" published in a weekly magazine.
Furthermore, he has been selected as the second place in the entire entertainment world.
As a result, Suzuki reveals that his mother was shocked and his husband was also tampered with at work, causing trouble to his relatives.
Looking back on Suzuki's career as a talent, how he got to the top of the "disliked women rankings" in class.
It was said that one of the words of a senior entertainer was the reason behind Suzuki's all-out talk and reaction.
Furthermore, Suzuki was not only a reaction, but also escalated the extremes of "full body touch" and "full energy".
In the past, Suzuki demonstrated the body touch that he had done to a big co-star, but the studios were shaken by the rudeness.
Immediately after the terrestrial broadcasting, the full version of the lesson and the comedy research department were delivered.
Suzuki Gal Sir (Gal's Circle) We will also reveal the "private secret story with my husband" that was exposed to make the laughter episodes of the times and the scene exciting.
Unique "electronic gift certificate" as a gift, Setouchi city added with hometown tax: Sanyo Shimbun Digital | Sanji
Electronic gift certificate "e-town gift".
Settle by contacting a dedicated device
On the 27th, Setouchi City announced that it will add its own electronic gift certificate "e-town gift" to the gifts of hometown tax payment.
It can be used at member stores in the city from November.
It is said to be the first municipality in the prefecture.
If you pay the hometown tax and select an electronic gift certificate as a gift, 30% of the donation amount will be sent to the designated smartphone.
The screen of the gift certificate is displayed when the product is purchased, and the shop side makes contact with a stamp-type dedicated device for payment.
Cannot be transferred or resold.
Returned items usually require a certain amount of time from application to arrival, but electronic gift certificates can be received instantly.
Easy for tourists to use.
In addition to the five oldness and tax payment portal sites, we accept at two special sites in the city.
There are currently 13 affiliated stores, aiming for 100 stores by the end of this year.
In June, the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications established a new system to limit the amount of donated goods procured to 30% or less of the donation amount and to restrict local products in order to prevent excessive competition between local governments.
The city says, "We are planning to have a dealer handling local products as a member store and are within the guidelines."
Setouchi City's hometown tax payment for fiscal 2018 is approximately 430 million yen.
Japan, men's 100 finals do not advance World Athletics Day 2 | Shizuoka Shimbun at S
Sani Brown Hakiem (left) starts the men's 100m semifinal.
Didn't advance to the final = Doha (joint)
Yoshihide Kiryu (left) makes a goal in the men's 100m semifinal.
[Doha Joint] On the 2nd day of the World Championships in Athletics in Doha on the 28th, Sani Brown Hakiem (University of Florida), Yuki Koike (Sumitomo Electric) and Yoshihide Kiryu (Nippon Life) will be in the men's 100m semifinal. None of them made it to the Japanese finals.
Japanese record holder Sani Brown finished 5 sets in 10 seconds 15 in 1 set, Koike finished 2 sets in 7 seconds in 10 seconds 28, and Kiryu finished in 3 sets 6 in 10 seconds 16.
In the men's 400-meter obstacle semi-final, three sets of Takashun Abe (Yamada Denki) missed the finals in the 48th 97th 3rd place and 2nd set Masaki Toyota (Houdai) 8th of 50s 30th.
Driving on high heels is dangerous!
Many young people accidentally pedaling accidentally (Auto Messe Web)-Yahoo! News
Violations that violate the Road Traffic Act
The number of reports of accidents due to erroneous operation such as pedaling mistakes is increasing, and it is a big mistake to think that it is a problem only for elderly drivers.
In terms of the number of accidents in pedaling accidents by age group (2015 National Police Agency data), the most frequent ages are 1080 under the age of 24 and more than 1032 over the age of 75.
Missteps are not common among the elderly, and it is important to call the young people as well.
Do you take fashion under your feet?
Do you take safety?
Although this data does not describe the ratio of males and females and the cause, unlike the elderly, who are often thought to be due to physical deterioration such as driving skills and reflexes, young people are distracted by other things such as music and conversation. Inadvertent mistakes or wrong footsteps due to clothes etc. are also possible.
In particular, some women choose high shoes, pumps, sandals, mules, and various shoes depending on the clothes of the day, and some of them drive as they are.
Although some people find it difficult to change their shoes while knowing that they are not suitable for driving, many of them are driving without fear of thinking that it may lead to danger.
However, driving with high heels and sandals violates the Road Traffic Law.
One is Article 70 “Violation of safe driving duty” which stipulates “to operate the steering wheel, brake and other operations with certainty” and “Do not drive in such a way as to cause an accident and harm the person”.
And the other is Article 71 "Violations of Public Safety Commission compliance matters" which stipulates that drivers must comply with the matters established by each prefectural public safety committee. For example, in the Miyazaki Prefectural Road Traffic Law Enforcement Regulations, The article states, "Do not drive a vehicle (excluding light-duty vehicles) with sleds, slippers, gimmicks, high heels, or other footwear that may interfere with driving operation, or with footwear that interferes with driving operation. There is a sentence.
All prefectures have the same purpose to regard driving with “footwear that may interfere with driving” as a violation, even if it is not specified as high heels.
So why is driving in high heels dangerous?
It's clear considering the basics of safely pedaling.
For safe and secure pedal operation, first fix the heel of the foot to the floor, place the foot perpendicular to the brake pedal, and tilt the tip of the foot to the right when using the accelerator pedal as a fulcrum.
At this time, regardless of the behavior of the car, it is important to fix it firmly so that the heel does not shake.
However, in high heels, the area where the heel touches the floor is small, and the heel constantly shakes, and the angle of the entire foot is angled by the height of the heel, so the area of ​​the foot that touches the pedal is also small. It is difficult to make fine adjustments, and it is difficult to make fine adjustments.
This is considered to be dangerous.
Also, most cars have floor carpets, but this material tends to get caught in the heels of high heels, and the heels get caught when the driver suddenly brakes and the pedal cannot be depressed. In some cases, you may get stuck in the back of the pedal and cannot step on it.
Furthermore, there are cases in which the heel is caught behind the pedal when the pedal is depressed and then returned, and the accelerator pedal cannot return.
Toyota and Subaru become equity-method affiliates Accelerate joint development of new AWD vehicles and 86/BRZ next model (Response)-Yahoo! News
Toyota Motor Corporation and SUBARU agreed on a new business and capital alliance on September 27.
Toyota will additionally acquire Subaru shares and make it an affiliated company to which the equity method is applied.
Since the two companies agreed on a business alliance in 2005, they have been working on cooperation such as contract production of Toyota vehicles by Subaru, vehicle supply from Toyota to Subaru, joint development of FR sports cars "86" "BRZ".
Also, in June this year, it has agreed to work on the development of EV-specific platforms and EV vehicles that utilize Subaru's AWD (all-wheel drive) technology and Toyota's electrification technology.
In the business and capital alliance agreed this time, Toyota will additionally acquire Subaru shares.
Currently, Subaru shares that Toyota holds are 16.83% of the voting rights, but additional acquisitions will be made until reaching 20%.
Subaru becomes Toyota's equity-method affiliate.
On the other hand, Subaru will acquire Toyota shares worth the same amount (80 billion yen maximum) that Toyota took to acquire Subaru shares.
The two companies develop and strengthen their cooperative relationship through a business and capital alliance.
Joint development of the AWD model and the 86/BRZ next model, expansion of THS (Toyota Hybrid System) installation on Subaru vehicles, cooperation in the connected area, technical cooperation in the field of autonomous driving, etc. will be promoted.
US, refugee acceptance limit is the lowest for 3 consecutive years 18,000 | Shizuoka Shimbun at S
[Collaboration with Washington] On the 26th, the US Department of State announced a policy to reduce the maximum number of refugees accepted from all over the world to 18,000 during fiscal year 2020 (October 19th to September 20th).
The minimum number since 1980, when the refugee law was enacted, will be renewed for the third consecutive year.
The Trump administration has the aim of appealing the strict immigration and refugee policies to the conservatives in view of the presidential election next year.
With people constantly chasing the country, criticism from human rights groups is inevitable.
The former Obama administration set a ceiling of 110,000 in 2017, but the Trump administration, which was established in January 2017, overturned this and reduced it to 50,000.
The number is decreasing to 45,000 in FY2018 and 30,000 in FY2019.
Increased courier price at non-licensed childcare facility, free of charge, Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare confirms instruction: Hokkaido Shimbun Doshin electronic version
Before the free childhood education and childcare started in October, the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare confirmed that a case where it seems to be a piggyback price increase applying a national subsidy was confirmed at a non-licensed childcare facility, by the 28th, all prefectures nationwide I confirmed that there is no similar case in ordinance-designated city and notified in writing to instruct if necessary.
According to the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare, several facilities were confirmed to raise only the usage fee for children under the age of three, and to raise prices from October.
There were also complaints about the free call center established by the Cabinet Office.
The Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare said, "There should be no unreasonable price increases."
"D-8" The flames of the 100th National Athletic Meet have burned up in Dokdo = Korea (Chuo Daily Japanese version)-Yahoo! News
A torch blamed for the 100th National Athletic Meet (National Gymnastics) on Dokdo, the easternmost tip of the Republic of Korea.
At 6:30 am on September 26, Seoul City held a national sports competition commemorative torch ignition event at the helicopter landing site of the Dokdo Guard in Ulleung-gun, Gyeongsangbuk-do.
It is the first time in 15 years since the 85th Games held in Chungbuk in 2004 that the flames of the National Sports Festival have been ignited on Dokdo.
Following the kite performance to pray for peace, Vice-President Kim Sung-Hwan of the Seoul City Council read the declaration.
Vice-Chairman Kim said, “Standing on Dokdo to praise the hard-willedness of ethnic self-determination, remembering the past 99 years of the National Athletic Meet”, “100 years ago, the Japanese people established their own tribal movement and established the Republic of Korea government. I would like to make a shining history and add 100 years history of the National Athletic Meet to the history."
Greetings from Ulleunggun continued.
Kim Byung-soo Ulleung, the head of the county, said, “In recent years, Japan has argued that Dokdo is the territory of its own country due to severe economic conditions for no reason.” We should overcome this by becoming."
The vice-chairman Kim and the head of the county Kim continued to ignite the torch.
The torch was handed over to the first runner, Ho Won-suk, Dokdo Security Guard and O Yosef, after being handed by Cho Sung-ho, the physical education promotion manager of Seoul City, who is the leader of the torch.
This Dokdo Torch ignition event was scheduled for 21st, but it was postponed on this day north of Typhoon No.17.
Captain Ho Won-seok, who has been working on Dokdo since January this year, said, "I am lonely and difficult, but I am working with pride that no one can protect my territory." I am honored to be a runner of the torch relay."
The Captain E took over from the landing site of Helicopter to the hillside of Dokdo Island, and the members of Oh passed on from the midpoint to the dock.
This torch will be moved to Ulleungdo, and the Ulleung-gun residents Kim Sung-ho and Kim-gun will be relayed to Seoul on the Kannonjima Island Bridge.
This torch started on the 22nd at Ganghwado (Chamson Dan).
Since it is the 100th time, the torch relay will be held at the largest scale ever.
The torch of Mt.
The torch of Ganghwado Island will burn up as a firework after being combined at Seoul Plaza on 29th of this month with the special ignition at Imjingak, Mara Island, and Dokdo.
On the other hand, Mayor Park Won-sung said on May 25, through a media briefing that "the power of collective intelligence is important now, not just a few heroes." 』" was explained."
Korea-Bulgaria summit talks Discussion on measures to expand cooperation with nuclear power plants and defense industry (Yonhap News)-Yahoo! News
[Seoul Union News] South Korean President Moon Jae-in will meet with Bulgaria's Prime Minister Borisov at the Qingtaidai (Chairman's Office) on the 27th to discuss the practical expansion of cooperation between the two countries. did.
This is the first time Bulgaria has visited Korea.
President Wen welcomed the visit to Korea before the 30th anniversary of diplomatic relations next year and highly praised the leadership of Prime Minister Borisov, who will lead the development of Bulgaria.
The two leaders praised the fact that trade and investment between the two countries continued to increase despite the global expansion of protectionism, and they agreed to work together to further expand economic cooperation.
Mr. Moon welcomed Bulgaria's policy of granting the status of “strategic investor” to Korean companies, and said that it hopes that Korean companies' investment in Bulgaria will be promoted based on this policy.
He stressed that South Korea could be the best partner for Bulgaria as Bulgaria promotes the introduction of nuclear power plants and modernization of national defense, and is interested in allowing South Korean companies to participate in ordering the nuclear power plant of the Bulgarian government and promoting the defense industry. Called for cooperation.
In addition, the two leaders agreed to strengthen future-oriented cooperation in the fields of electric vehicles (EV) batteries and automobile parts and renewable energy.
Prime Minister Borisov hoped that close cooperation will be provided in the fields of ICT (information and communication technology), science and technology, and education, which are led by South Korea.
After discussing the peace process on the Korean Peninsula, President Moon has endorsed the efforts of the South Korean government to consolidate peace on the Korean Peninsula, including the statement that Bulgaria supports the North-South-US summit talks. Thank you.
Prime Minister Borisov praised President Moon's willingness to build a peace system on the Korean Peninsula and the efforts of the South Korean government, and reiterated the firm support of the Bulgarian government.
At the meeting on the day of the meeting, Minister of Industry, Trade and Industry, Song Yum-mo, Lee Ho-soon, Chief Secretary of Economic Affairs, Cheong Wa Dae (Presidential Office), and 2nd Deputy Director of National Security Office, Kim Hyung-jong ..
On behalf of the Minister of Foreign Affairs Kang Kyung-hwa who was visiting the United States, the first secretary of the department, Cho Se-young, also attended.
Local industry in Hyogo and Awaji Island, Kinki Ceramics manufacturing “Awaji tile” applied for semi-bankruptcy debt about 2 billion yen (Teikoku Data Bank)-Yahoo! News
The slump in the housing market and the repeated damage from earthquakes also contributed to the fact that “the consumers have moved away from the tiled roofs”
Kinki Ceramics Co., Ltd. (TDB company code: 530173983, capital of 99.2 million yen, 881-8 Otani, Awaji-shi, Hyogo, Kozo Fukuhara, 44 employees) quasi-bankruptcy to Kobe District Court on August 30. Applied for.
The application agent is Daichi Yoshida (1-10-8 Nishi-Tenma Kita-ku, Osaka City, Osaka Prefecture, Daichi Yoshida Law Office, telephone 06-6365-6038) and one other person.
Our company is a roof tile manufacturer founded in June 1895 (Meiji 28) and reorganized in April 1961 (Showa 36).
Initially, the business name of Kinki Kiln Co., Ltd. started the business in Seitan-cho, Mihara-gun (currently Minamiawaji City) as a manufacturer of Ibushi tiles, a local industry on Awaji Island.
In October 1986, the company merged with Kyowa Kiln Co., Ltd. and took over the business of Kinki Sangyo Co., Ltd., and at the same time, changed the current trade name and moved the head office to the current location.
After that, we established sales offices in Fukuyama City, Hiroshima City, Oita City, Miyazaki City, etc., and became the current system. Was manufactured at a rate of 70% and Japanese roof tiles such as Ibushi tiles at a rate of 30%.
We have built a wide sales base mainly in western Japan, such as major house makers, building materials trading companies, and roof construction companies, and recorded annual sales of approximately 3,116 million yen in the fiscal year ended December 2004.
It had an appropriate name recognition as the top roof tile maker in Awaji Island.
However, during this period, the sluggish housing market following the Lehman shock and the repeated earthquake disasters such as the Great East Japan Earthquake and the Kumamoto earthquakes caused consumers to move away from the tiled roofs, causing sluggish demand, and annual sales for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018. Down to about 1,345 million yen.
In terms of profits, in addition to a drop in profit margin due to soaring fuel prices, the company was in a continuous deficit due to excess interest-bearing debt associated with inventory burden and capital investment, forcing a tight cash flow.
For this reason, although it was trying to rebuild the business by requesting financial institutions to ease loan repayment conditions, there were no signs of recovery in the business situation and the cash flow gradually became tight.
I came here and could not support it and gave up on business continuity, and this was the measure.
The debt is currently under investigation, but is expected to be about 2 billion yen.
Prefectural Dinosaur Museum in Katsuyama City, Fukui Prefecture, which promotes “industrialization of tourism” (Aerial view of Japan, taken with a small drone)
On September 25, Katsuyama City, Fukui Prefecture, announced that it will acquire approximately 25,300 square meters of land (Arado-cho, the same city) adjacent to the construction site of the roadside station "Dinosaur Valley Katsumayama" that will open next spring.
In order to accelerate the “industrialization of tourism” that the city and the local business world have set, it aims to attract accommodation-specialized hotels and restaurants.
On the same day, the director explained at the city council attraction base improvement special committee.
With the opening of the Hokuriku Shinkansen prefecture in the spring of 2023, the opening of the whole section of the Chubu Transverse Expressway within the prefecture, and the expansion and renovation of the Prefectural Dinosaur Museum (Katsuyama City) and enhancement of its functions, the city is promoting a conversion from day trip centers to stay-type tourism. , I want to attract accommodation facilities.
We will acquire a private idle land next to the east of the roadside station construction site.
Surrounded by the Kuzuryu River, Takinami River and prefectural roads, it is more than twice the size of a roadside station (about 12,000 square meters).
The City Land Development Corporation will proceed with land negotiations from this year in the name of industrial estate development, and will construct land in FY 2009 after the acquisition of land.
According to the city, private businesses such as farmers' restaurants and harvesting experience facilities, fast food, and restaurants have already been consulted for expansion.
Regarding accommodation facilities, it was also revealed that Sekisui House is making a name for itself as a city to attract accommodation-specialized hotels adjacent to roadside stations that are planned all over the country.
Sekisui House is planning to expand to three locations in Fukui Prefecture, but there are other cities and cities that are willing to attract and may compete.
In addition, the city plans to develop parking lots.
There were also comments from the committee members, saying that the maintenance schedule was too late, and calling for speeding up, and stabbed a nail, saying that there should be no land that (sleeps remain unsold) to sleep.
Deputy Mayor Mikio Mizukami has positioned it as an “industrial complex with tourism as the theme” and “I would like to showcase the prefectural dinosaur museum and ski jam Katsuyama in order to show the superiority of Katsuyama City” He showed the idea that he would do his best to attract him.
The 7th day of the autumn high school baseball tournament in Kita-Shinetsu district in Fukui Prefecture will be held on September 28th in two semi-finals at the Fukui Prefectural Stadium.
An important game where you can win a ticket to the Hokushinetsu tournament if you win.
The only remaining Tsuruga Kehi at Seed School is Hokuriku.
Tsuruga, who won the big battle with Fukui Commerce in the quarter-finals, clashed with Hamizu, who is currently gaining momentum.
All the Tsuruga Kehi appearing in the first match have been cold so far.
In the first round of Asuwa, the pitching hits each other and it is a great victory.
In the second round of Takefu Kogyo, Naoki Kasashima, who played an active part in Koshien this summer, pitched and showed 5 innings and 9 strikeouts and ace.
The batting line has hit 15 hits in the three finals of the quarter-finals, and is ready to hit Hokuriku.
[Team Introduction] Tsuruga Kehi-Koshien Battery Axis
Hokuriku, on the other hand, is gaining momentum with each match.
In the 1st round, Fujishima and his opponents reversed in the final stage, escaping with a difference of 1 point.
In the second round, Mikata's catch-up was cut off, and she also won by one point.
The batting line exploded in the quarter-finals, defeating Seed Sakai with a cold.
The pitching is getting more and more complicated, and I want to get a ticket for Kitashinetsu in this process.
[Team introduction] Hokuriku-A batting line with explosive power
Tsuruga, who will appear in the second game, has won the baseball game by defending mainly the battery.
In the first round of Wakasa, the pitchers sprinted and won with the fewest goals.
The second round, Takefu, also scored two goals.
In the quarterfinals, Seed Fukui Commerce had a close battle with 10-9, but he should have strengthened his confidence by defeating a talented school.
I would like to take off the victory in the battle of Hamizu with the defense of defense.
[Team introduction] Tsuruga-Battery axis wins
Meanwhile, Hamizu defeated Fukui, the seed Fukui Institute of Technology, in the first match.
When he gained momentum, the 4th batter hit a come-from-behind victory in the Kanatsu battle.
The midfielder batting that the director also says is "destructive" is also noteworthy in the semifinals.
[Team introduction] Hamizu-Destructive center batting
▼ Quarterfinals (September 28th)
Tsuruga Kehi-Hokuriku (10 am)
Tsuruga-Hasui (0:30pm)
Paid articles that canoe and Japanese miss the semifinals
Taekwondo and Takashi Matsui are No. 2 paid articles
BITPoint, which leaked 3 billion yen worth of crypto assets, will resume service (Gentosha Gold Online)-Yahoo! News
In July of this year, cryptocurrency exchange "BITPoint", which illegally leaked 3 billion yen worth of data such as Bitcoin (BTC).
BitPoint Japan Co., Ltd., the operator, announced that it will restart the sending (remittance) service of crypto assets on September 30th.
It seems that certain prospects have been established, including recurrence prevention measures.
BITPoint that leaked Bitcoin and Ripple in July this year
Bitpoint Japan Co., Ltd., which operates the cryptocurrency exchange BITPoint, announced on the 27th that it will resume the cryptographic asset sending (money transfer) service around 14:00 on September 30 (Monday). ..
In addition to dealing with customers who have suffered damage and dealings with the Financial Services Agency, it seems that certain measures have been set up, including measures to prevent recurrence, such as a business management system that includes security aspects.
BitPoint Japan says, "We will put safety first and restart the service as soon as possible, and strive to recover credit from users."
In July of this year, there was an outflow of crypto assets such as Bitcoin (BTC) and Ripple (XRP) worth 3 billion yen.
At a press conference after that, regarding business continuity, "There is about 3 billion yen in cash and deposit balance even after deducting compensation," "Aiming to resume services as soon as possible, with the highest priority being user protection" Was mentioned.
*This article was published on CoinPost on September 27, 2019.
Israeli-born "Messi II" contract signed with ninth club (SPORT.es)-Yahoo! News
Guy Aslin, who joined Barça at the age of 12, was once known as "Messi II" because of his amazing play and style.
Over the years, 28-year-old Guy Aslin has joined a new team, his ninth club in his professional career.
Talented pearls of Cantera
With Ans Fatty's attention in the air now, there are many falls in football and there is a very effective example of a "no hurry" warning.
Despite his extraordinary skill, he was forgotten by the luck needed to succeed, and he signed a two-year contract with Poly Iasi, a member of the Romania 1st division.
The team, with blue and white team colors, currently ranks fifth in the league.
Guy Athrin made his top debut in Barça at the age of 18 and half a year younger than the 2009/10 season's Cup of Cup Cultural Leonesa.
However, after the end of the season, the contract with Barça was cancelled, and Aslong's long journey began.
He never belonged to the same team for more than two seasons.
Manchester City, Brighton and Hove Albion (rent from the city), Racine Santander, Hercules, Mallorca, Hapoel Tel Aviv, Sabadell, Kairat Almaty, and now Poli Yashi return to Israeli MF It became a new club that gave us the opportunity to start.
Famisapo strengthens its own safety measures 35% of local governments, free childcare | Shizuoka Shimbun at S
Survivors of a childcare accident (right) at a press conference about the findings of the "Family Support Center Business" = 27th afternoon, Osaka Prefectural Government
Regarding the "Family Support Center Project" (Famisap), in which the administration connects parents who want to leave their children temporarily and support members who are entrusted to their private homes, 35% of the municipalities that carry out strengthen their own safety measures. According to a private survey on 27th.
Before being eligible for free early childhood education and childcare since October, the bereaved family members of the childcare accident have complained that the country should set strict standards.
A “Network for eliminating serious childcare accidents” created by parents and specialists who lost their children in an accident during childcare surveyed 921 local governments.
There was a reply from 274 local governments.
The national code of practice requires aid members to only attend emergency life-saving courses.
Darvish summarizing this season "It's good for your life so far" (East Web)-Yahoo! News
[Departs from St. Louis, Missouri 27th (28th Japan time)]
Cubs's Darvish pitcher (33), who finished pitching this season after the possibility of participation in the playoff disappeared, responded to the interview, and said about his current state of mind "I have not done anything for about two days. It's boring to watch baseball (from the bench)."
He had 6 wins and 8 losses and an ERA of 3.98 starting 31 games this season, but threw 2/3 of 178 times and struck out 229 times.
Especially in the latter half of the game, the pitching form was stable, and he continued to play with the opponent batter with outstanding ball control and overwhelming ball power.
“I'm definitely right now, it's definitely extraordinary in my life. I was 33 years old and I didn't think I would feel that way. I thought spring would be like this. "It feels like I can't believe I was able to come back and go to a better position."
Since early June, I have been gradually getting a good response.
“I have more things I can do every day, and more things I can do once a day.”
Although there was some trial and error, by challenging one's own hypothesis one after another, his condition improved dramatically, and his performance improved accordingly.
"I was thrown out of the injured list throughout the year," also added to my confidence.
Darvish, who has an opt-out right to cancel the contract after the end of this season, said, "I have to think about it. I will talk with my agents and my family." It's fun".
Although the final conclusion has not been reached, it seems that the feeling is solid.
Yonezawa Ren rises to second place by one stroke Takumi Kanaya is 12th / Asia Ama (Golf Digest Online (GDO))-Yahoo! News
Shibuno Hinako got a cow
Break Windred (Australia), who came out alone, played with 5 birdies and 4 bogeys at "71".
He defended that position with a total of 10 under.
Two Yonezawa Ren (2nd year, Tohoku Welfare Univ.) and Lee Jun Min (Korea) who marked "67" with 6 birdies and 1 bogey in the second place of one stroke.
In the other Japanese group, Yuto Katsurakawa (Nihon Univ. 3rd year), who came out from 9th place, played "70" and moved up to 5th place.
Takumi Kanaya (3rd year, Tohoku Welfare Univ.), who ranked 1st in the amateur world ranking, and Keita Nakajima (1st year, Nippon Sport Science University), who have won consecutive tournaments, are ranked 3rd and 12th.
Hideharu Yoshihara (University of California, Los Angeles) is 2nd under 16th.
Kengo Aoshima (Wake Forest Univ.) passed the qualifying with 9 over 59th.
&lt;Japanese performance on the second day&gt; 2T / -9 / Ren Yonezawa 5T / -5 / Katsurakawa Yuto 12T / -3 / Takumi Kanaya, Keita Nakajima 16T /2 / Hidesue Yoshihara 59T / +9 / Kengo Aoshima
&lt;Saga torrential rain and support circle&gt; Famous noodle "Taromen" behaves in an evacuation center Operational cooperation, encouraging victims｜Topics of the town｜Saga Shimbun News｜Saga Shimbun LiVE
Children enjoying Omachi's soul food "Taromen" on their way home from the bath = Misato Omachi Town Welfare Center Misato
At the town general welfare center Misato where the “Omachi Taromen Management Council” (Representative Kensuke Suzuyama), made at a shop that offers “Taromen” noodles, a specialty of Omachi-cho, is an evacuation center for heavy rain victims on the 25th Behaved "Taromen".
The soul food that has been loved since the days of the Kijima Coal Mine encouraged the affected people.
"The only thing we can do is to make taromen and have it eaten," he said.
Four restaurants in the Taromen menu cooperated to make 90 servings, and they also brought rice balls to the evacuation center.
Udon noodles, thin noodles, were added to the ginger-active beef bone soup, and plenty of ingredients such as pork head meat, shrimp, and vegetables were served.
We provided "Omachi's taste" not only to those who stayed in the shelter but also to those who came to the baths provided by the Self-Defense Forces.
A man (66) said, "I've been a fan since I was young, but I ate it for the first time in a year. I remember the old days." The siblings of 20 and 22 years old.
Vice-President Kenichiro Fujise, who had finished cooking, rushed to him and said, "I will cooperate if I can, so that I can get back to my daily life quickly."
&lt;1 year after the Iburi Tobu Earthquake&gt; Securing water even during a power outage Installation of "sprinkler" directly connected to the water pipe Hakodate Mansion: Hokkaido Shimbun Doshin Electronic Edition
Measures are underway at apartments in Hakodate City where water was cut off due to the blackout that occurred in September of last year due to the Iburi Tobu Earthquake.
According to the Waterworks and Sewerage Department of the City Enterprise Bureau, seven condominiums have installed "sprinklers" that can supply water even if there is a power outage within a year after the earthquake.
There are about 400 condominiums with four or more floors and private apartments that are watered by the “water tank type” that may run out of water in the event of a power outage, and there are about 400 private apartments in the city, and the department is calling for measures.
There are two main types of water supply systems for homes: the “water tank type” in which water is temporarily stored in a water tank in the basement or rooftop, and the “direct connection type” in which water is directly supplied to each house from the city water pipe.
In the water receiving tank type, even if the water pipe is not damaged, if the electric pump that pumps water from the water receiving tank to each door stops working due to a power outage or the like, water cannot be supplied and each water is cut off.
Disaster preparedness training (Aomori Prefecture) (Aomori Broadcasting)-Yahoo! News
Training was conducted in Shingo-mura to search for and rescue people who were in distress before the autumn mushroom harvest season.
Sixty people from the police, fire department, and the Hyukaikai participated in the training held at Hirakozawa Forest Park in Shingo Village.
At the opening ceremony, the head of the Gonohe Police Station, Mr. Tsukada called for "close cooperation and hard training."
★ Declaration by Takahashi area section manager "We will start mountain training rescue training from now on"
The training was conducted on the assumption that the man who went out to preview the mushrooms would not return home at night.
Participants are divided into three groups to search the mountain while calling for the missing man's name.
In Shingo village, a man in his 70s who entered the mountain to collect wild vegetables in June is missing and is rescued the next day injured.
During the training, we found a man who was injured and placed it on a stretcher to check the cooperation from the search to the rescue.
Hidetoshi Nishijima, at the drinking party at the Nintendo Academy?
First day stage greeting with excellent teamwork (Movie Walker)-Yahoo! News
The first day stage greeting of the movie "Nyo Gakuen" which is a movie of Satoshi Konno's popular novel "Nine" was held at TOHO Cinemas Shinjuku on September 27, and Hidetoshi Nishijima, Toshiyuki Nishida, Atsushi Ito, Akira Nakao, Director Hisashi Kimura Is the speaker.
As a special guest, Konno of the original rushed and said, "I love this movie! (played by Nishijima) No matter which cut or scene you see, Himura is cool. As far as enviable." He showed a happy smile.
[View photo] Hidetoshi Nishijima's drinking party is revealed!
"Nyogakuen" stage greeting on the first day
This work is an exciting story in which a Yakuza who has no eyes on social contribution, the chief of the Akimoto group, takes over the rebuilding of a high school that is about to go bankrupt and solves a number of difficult problems with a person-in-law.
Nishida plays the group leader who is strong, but can't hate anywhere, and Hijima, the No. 2 Akihongumi number 2, who has always been swayed by his parents.
Nishijima said, "I've been nervous all the time until today", and he has an unbelievable look at the first day.
"This team was a very united team that gathered and talked about various things not only during the filming period but also after the filming," he said.
Ito also laughed, "There was a reflection party, which was just a drinking party that didn't reflect at all," he said, "it was a plus for the site to have that kind of time. Teamwork also improved and motivation increased. It's been going on regularly since the end, and I have lots of good memories."
In the story of the drinking party, Nishijima's unexpected real face was also revealed.
Nishijima confessed, "When I had a meeting with this member, I ate too much. I often don't remember about half."
Nishida cut out, saying, "The other person doesn't know how the person is flattened." "I look like Shirafu, but were you drunk? I wonder if it's a really good way to get drunk." It was
It was a work that fostered good teamwork, and Nishida said, "If the reputation is good, it may be a series. I would like to do my best to make it into a series with the help of everyone," Ito also said " We are also full of desire to make it into a series." Nakao also said, "I was disappointed because Nishida was singing when I saw the movie. Once I make it into a series, I want to sing it again." He was clamoring," he said.
Prefectural Fisheries Federation "Begin discussions for full-scale operation" Chairman Nozaki also says "Iwaki Minpo official website"
Following the TEPCO Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant Accident, it was decided that the discussions on full-scale operations for each region, etc. will be embodied regarding the trial operations that continue in the fishing industry off the coast of Fukushima Prefecture.
A prefectural fisheries association (Fisheries Cooperative Federation) presidency was held on the 27th at the Prefectural Fisheries Hall in Chuodai Iino. , I think there is a need for a flow toward full-scale operation. I would like to gather representatives of each and start a discussion."
The association's presidency has also approved the official addition of scorpionfish, cherry salmon, and murasoi off the coast of Fukushima prefecture, which have been lifted from shipping restrictions, to the target fish species for the trial operation.
The remaining non-targeted marine products were the two fish species, Vinosugai and Common Cassue.
After the end, Chairman Nozaki responded to an interview with the press and emphasized that the start time of full-scale operation has not been decided.
Regarding the treated water after purifying the contaminated water from the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, he said, "The discussion with kerens is a problem. The opposite position to ocean release remains the same." I suppressed the remarks of Mayor Ichiro.
In discussing full-scale operations, Chairman Akira Egawa of the Iwaki Fisheries Cooperative (fishery cooperative) pointed out that "it is necessary to absorb opinions from the bottom" and said that the intentions of union members should be respected.
The branch offices of the affiliated branches will hold a meeting to solve the problems one by one, and then conclude as a city fishery cooperative.
Koji Tachiya, President of the Soma Futaba Fisheries Cooperative, said, "In addition to the fishermen, we need to discuss with the brokers."
The Soma Futaba Fisheries Cooperative will receive the support of the national government and will receive 7 new vessels next year. Therefore, it is important to return the catch first, and in parallel with the discussion of full-scale operations, we will continue to improve the environment. showed that.
Street activities to improve driving and smoking manners Karatsu Tobacco Sales Cooperative｜Topics of the town｜Saga Shimbun News｜Saga Shimbun LiVE
Union members calling for safe driving = Front of Waseda Saga Nakadaka in Tojo, Karatsu City
In line with the "Autumn Traffic Safety Prefectural Campaign," the Karatsu Tobacco Sales Cooperative carried out street activities on the city road in front of Waseda Saga Nakagakko in Tojo, Karatsu City on the 26th.
Approximately 10 people, including union members, participated and called on drivers to drive safely.
Participants handed out leaflets, ballpoint pens, etc. to the driver, saying, "Please drive safely."
He also handed a portable ashtray with him to promote the ban on littering of cigarettes, and also called for improved smoking manners.
Mr. Kumamoto Fujii (80), the head of the association, said, “(There are many accidents every year in the prefecture.) Recently, the number of driving is increasing.
Is "Beauty and Ugly" a single piece of paper?
What is the image of a "snake" that overlaps the beautiful girls of Kazuo Umezu's work (magmix)-Yahoo! News
The mysterious beauty and the expression with shadows have a common point?
"Kazuo Umezu/Beauty Girl Collection" (Genkosha) introduces various works from the 1950s and focuses on beautiful girls drawn by Kazuo Umezu, who is known as the leading figure in "fear manga" Was released in August 2019.
When I take a look at it, I notice again the correlation between "beauty" and "fear" in Kazuo Umezu's work.
[Image] Is it attractive because it has a "shadow"?
Kazuo Umezu's beautiful girls (5)
In the preface of "Bishojo Collection," there was a sentence that "it stands out because of the beauty of their girls, who are at the opposite end of fear and ugliness, and the shocking scenes and developments of the story." "Fear" may be more prominent because there is a contrast that turns into a grudge-inspiring grudge expression.
Kazuo Umezu often uses the keyword "snake" that appears in many works, but there are various ways to receive snakes, such as those who see snakes as "eerie creatures" and some who feel "beautiful." ..
Some people in the world like reptiles, but some people just don't like it.
In that way, the creature with "beauty" and "uglyness" may be a "snake" that is one side of the other depending on the sensitivity of the viewer.
In addition, this creature has been revered as a creature with high spiritual power since ancient times, and it is said that the house where the "white snake" settled in is auspicious.
Umezu's works on the theme of "snakes" include the 1965 "Mama ga scared!"
Generally, it is a beautiful woman with a shadow that becomes a "snake woman".
In other words, it may be said that it is a "cool butty" type in an improvised way ... I think that is the common point among the beautiful girls who appear in Umezu.
Among them, “Orochi”, who is the main character of “Orochi” serialized in “Weekly Shonen Sunday” from 1969, is a beautiful girl character that can be said to be the representative of Umezu's work, but eternal life and eternal youth Sleeping deeply every 100 years to keep it, and the part that has a mysterious power remind us of a snake somewhere.
Seven international students from Xavier High School pay courtesy to the mayor [Sanyo Onoda] | Ube Daily News
On the 26th, seven students studying at Xavier High School (Principal Hideki Matsubara) paid a courtesy call to Mayor Koji Fujita of Sanyo-Onoda City.
International students talked about what they wanted to do during their stay, and Mayor Fujita encouraged them to have a meaningful school life.
High school students (15 to 17 years old) from various countries came to Japan last month by utilizing the “Asia Bridge Project”, a project supported by the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology.
Six girls from China, Cambodia, Mongolia, Thailand, Indonesia and Malaysia live in the dormitory of the school and spend 8 months.
A Turkish boy spends 10 months in school while doing a homestay.
International students who visited the city hall introduced themselves in Japanese one by one.
Regarding the impression of the city, he said, "When you take a walk, even strangers greet you. A quiet and pleasant town."
He also said, "I want to see Mt. Fuji while I'm in Japan."
In addition, the girls living in the dormitory have the opportunity to interact with their host families and look forward to volunteering at the library festival.
Mayor Fujita called out to "proactively gain experience and experience. Invite your friends and host family to participate in the Halloween event in the city next month at Onoda Sun Park." ..
Deputy Minister Yamamoto deletes food tweet The night before the explanation of the cause of the helicopter crash | Shizuoka Shimbun at S
Deputy Minister of Defense Tomohiro Yamamoto posted a comment along with a photo of Kazuchika Iwata, Secretary of Defense, and deleted the Twitter screen
Deputy Minister Tomohiro Yamamoto deleted Twitter's comment by the 27th, which he wrote when he ate at a yakitori restaurant in Saga prefecture, saying, "It's delicious!"
Mr. Yamamoto was in Kanagawa Prefecture on the 26th in order to explain to local governments the results of an investigation into the accident that the Ground Self-Defense Force's AH64D combat helicopter crashed in February last year.
In the evening of the same day, he tweeted, "I visited Saga prefecture on a business trip!"
He posted comments such as "It's delicious" along with a picture of Kazuchika Iwata, a defense secretary of the prefecture who was attending the meal at the same prefecture.
In the accident, a girl who was in the house was injured and two members were killed.
Mr. Yamamoto was elected 4 times in the Lower House and was proportionally selected in the Southern Kanto region.
[Koshiyama Wakamizu] The circle of "children's cafeterias" that provide free or inexpensive meals to children is spreading throughout the country.
According to a survey by NPOs, etc., there are about 3,700 locations nationwide this year.
The number has increased by 1.6 times compared to 2018, and there are 24 in Fukui Prefecture, an increase of 9 from last year.
Why is it the children's cafeteria now?
▼NPO corporation president and social activist Makoto Yuasa talked about the background and significance at a lecture held in Sakai City.
With the declining birthrate and aging population, the area becomes lonely and the shopping district declines.
There is no place for people to meet.
Therefore, there was a need for an exchange hub in the area where people interact with each other.
▼Even though it is a children's cafeteria, it is a "place for multi-generational interaction" where elderly people can participate.
Not only does it eliminate solitary food, but it also supports child-rearing and promotes the health of the elderly.
Break the poverty chain and rejuvenate the region.
The important thing is not to create a child to be repelled from it.
▼Varies from once a month to places where meals are served daily.
The scale ranges from a few people to a few hundred people, and the venues vary from private homes to temples.
An atmosphere is being created in which people who want to do it can do it.
Such a low threshold is attractive.
However, it is difficult to secure operating expenses and staff.
Sometimes we hear about issues such as a safe management system
▼However, Yuasa says, “By interacting with many people, the values ​​change.” “Connecting with society is a safety net in the event of a disaster.”
It seems like a light of hope in a closed society.
The final day of the autumn Hokushinetsu High School Baseball Fukui Prefecture Tournament will be the final and third place final match at the prefectural stadium (Fukui City) on September 29.
In the final, Tsuruga Kehi who aims to reach the top in four years and Tsuruga who aims to win in 36 years will compete in the autumn competition.
Seed school's Tsuruga Kehi wins three consecutive cold wins from the first round.
In the semi-finals with Hokuriku, Ace Naoki Kasashima won the perfect pitch by pitching the key points.
The batting average is 13 hits and is in good shape, and I want to support the pitchers in the final.
On the other hand, Tsuruga won from No Seed.
In the quarter-finals, he was close by one point, and in the semi-finals with Hansui, he squeezed the first goal in a squeeze and made it 3-1.
I would like to surely connect opportunities to goals even in the final.
Hokushin-Hanesui is the third-place deciding match for the remaining one slot in the Hokushinetsu Tournament.
Hokuriku had a runaway run and bunt in the early stages of the semifinals, but I want to recover in the 3rd place match.
Meanwhile, Hanesui defeated the powerful Fukui Institute of Technology and received attention from this tournament.
It is important to see if you can win Kita Shin'etsu in the 3rd place match.
■September 29 match
▽ Prefectural Stadium 3rd Place Match Hokuriku-Hasui (10am) Final Tsuruga Kehi-Tsuruga (1pm) *Time is scheduled to start
Tsuruga has fallen down for the first time in 21 years.
Tsuruga Kehi departs Hokuriku to the Hokushinetsu ticket
Rugby Japan, the highest paid article in history
Japanese basketball women advance to Asian Cup final pay article
Sharp home appliances, entertainer Yoshimoto PR comedy grand prix in Osaka | Shizuoka Shimbun at S
Comedy duo who won the "Sharp PR-1 Grand Prix" "Himekoron" = 27th, Osaka City
The final of the "Sharp PR-1 Grand Prix" contest, which decides entertainers who can best introduce Sharp's home appliances, was held on the 27th in Namba, Osaka.
It has been qualifying since July, jointly held by Sharp and Yoshimoto Kogyo.
It is a strategy to tell the charm of the product through professional talk and let comedy fans like Sharp's home appliances.
The final at Yoshimoto Manzai Theater.
About 250 spectators watched the four remaining battles out of about 200.
The winning "Himekoron" is a young duo who has frequently introduced Sharp products at mass retailers in Ehime Prefecture.
He screamed about the advantages of the air conditioner and laughed at the venue.
Sotetsu Sagami Otsuka Station 7000 series and 12000 series photo session (Railway com)-Yahoo! News
Sagami Railway holds "November 30: Sotetsu/JR Mutual direct communication! 7000 series/12000 series photo session in Sagami Otsuka" to commemorate the opening of the Sotetsu/JR direct line.
The venue is Sagami Otsuka Station.
In addition to the 7000 series and 12000 series photo sessions, the 7000 series cars will be open to the public, the 7000 series last run memorial goods will be sold, and the commemorative admission ticket will be released.
Items for sale of commemorative goods (price) include metal key chains (700 yen), can badges (450 yen), and clear files (300 yen).
Limited to 500 key chains, 300 can badges, and 1,000 clear files.
Eight new models of "Air Force 1" such as NBA collaboration and "Goretex" installed models have appeared at once (WWD JAPAN.com)
"NIKE" will release eight new models of "AIR FORCE 1", which has been popular as a sneaker representing the brand since its release in 1982, from October.
Three of the eight models are for women, and Nike Women's Footwear Senior Creative Director Georgina James said, "Women are diverse and want something different and unique." As I said, the update has been added based on the experience of the collection "The One Reimagined" (released in 2018), which is a redesigned sneaker from a female perspective.
[Image] Eight new models of "Air Force 1" including NBA collaboration and "Gore-Tex" equipped models are now available
"Air Force 1 NBA Pack" that collaborated with NBA is available in two types, low cut and high cut.
The low cut is a coloring based on NBA colors red, yellow, black, and navy, and the high cut is developed with three teams' uniform color including LOS ANGELES LAKERS.
In addition to the NBA logo on the heel and tongue, satin fabric is used at the rear of the upper, making the swoosh the first bicolor design.
The price is 13,200 yen including tax and will be released on October 1.
The "Air Force 1 Swoosh Pack" is designed with swoosh letters and logos everywhere as it is.
It is noteworthy that the tongue part, which originally should have the brand logo, has been changed to the specially made "SWOOSH" character.
The "Air Force 1 Shadow" is characterized by the details of each side including the side swoosh, which is doubled like a shadow, using the shadow as a source of inspiration.
The outsole is thicker than the original to make it taller, while the hollow center makes the glove lighter for women.
The price is 13,200 yen including tax and will be released on October 3.
"True criminal" who drone attacked Saudi Arabian oil facility (FRIDAY)-Yahoo! News
"The performance of the Iranian drone "Aberbir" used in this bombing has improved dramatically by analyzing the crashed US military drone in recent years.
It can be manufactured at low cost and has a cruising range of about 1000 km.
Since it flies in the low sky, it is also an advantage that it is difficult for radar to catch it.” (Toru Yokota, a news photographer)
On September 14, the oil facility of Saudi Arabia's largest oil company, Saudi Aramco, was bombed by 10 military drones.
Immediately after this, the Yemeni anti-government organization, the “Houshi”, announced a criminal statement.
"It's safe to say that what lies behind the Houthis is Iran, led by President Rouhani. Iran cannot forgive its opponents, Saudi Arabia, for making oil in a situation where it cannot export oil. The aim is to inform the international community that if a crude oil embargo is continued against Iran, the pain will be incurred accordingly.” (Izu Sugawara, International Political Analyst)
The bombing has cut half as much oil production in Saudi Arabia as crude oil prices have surged by 15 per cent.
Some say that the oil shock will come back if this situation continues.
"Trump has pledged to withdraw US troops from the Middle East and would like to avoid military intervention at least until the end of next year's elections. With that knowledge, Iran will continue to hide the Houthis. Will continue to bomb drones in the US, but the United States can't stand forever. There is a good chance that Trump will decide to attack Iran in the future." (Sugawara)
The "surrogate war" between the United States and Iran is at stake.
The reason why super individual YouTuber became a regular employee.
Ask the adopted president (bizSPA!
9/27 (Fri) 8:47 Delivery
YouTuber is now extremely popular with young people.
It is not uncommon for companies to use it for advertising their products, but there are companies that have begun to adopt the unusual system of "YouTuber employment" that they hire as regular employees.
Direct Marketing Mix Co., Ltd. (hereinafter, DmMiX) whose main business is corporate CRM (customer relationship management).
What does it mean to "adopt YouTuber"?
We interviewed Mr. Yuki Kobayashi, who is the representative director of DmMiX and also the representative of the subsidiary, Staff First, where YouTuber was actually adopted.
I want to support young people who are trying hard by adopting YouTuber
――― What kind of mechanism is “YouTuber adoption” in the first place?
Yuki Kobayashi (hereinafter Kobayashi): The profession called YouTuber is now a yearning for many young people.
It is ranked high in the occupation rankings that elementary school students want to take in the future, and the number of young people who are aiming will continue to increase.
So far, we have hired and supported young people who are pursuing their dreams, such as bandmen and comedians.
Similarly, "YouTuber recruitment" is to recruit and support young people who are following the dream of becoming a YouTuber.
――― There is an image that YouTuber is a person who voluntarily posts videos, but why did you decide to "recruit"?
Kobayashi: While many young people yearn for the YouTuber profession, the reality is that most YouTubers can't make the desired profits.
There are many creators who work and post videos while working part-time, and who do not recognize the existence of YouTuber in their families.
In this initiative, we will provide the hired creators with an environment for salaries and content production.
At first, we would like to support our activities by supporting the disadvantages of the profession called YouTuber, who is in an unstable position at first.
Environmental girl "fighting to a safe future" protests all over the world for two consecutive weeks | Shizuoka Shimbun at S
Greta Thunberg and others (center) who participated in a protest demonstration in eastern Montreal, Canada on the 27th (Reuters)
[New York] Greta Thunberg (16), a Swedish girl who appeals for global warming countermeasures, emphasized that she will continue to fight for a safe future by participating in a protest demonstration in eastern Montreal, Canada on the 27th.
The protests of young people on that day were held in various countries around the world, including Europe and the United States, following Asian countries.
Large-scale protests in response to Greta's call continued for 20 consecutive days for two weeks.
Greta met with Canadian Prime Minister Trudeau on the 27th.
Mr. Trudeau, who has always been enthusiastic about his efforts to combat global warming, also participated in the demonstration march.
However, after the interview, Mr. Greta was dry about Mr. Trudeau, "apparently not enough action."
"I hope Korea returns to GSOMIA" Deputy Secretary of State (Sankei Shimbun)-Yahoo! News
Deputy Under Secretary of State for US Secretary of State (Korea/Japan) responded to a single interview with the Sankei Shimbun at the US Ambassador's residence in Tokyo on the 27th regarding the Japan-Korea Military Information Comprehensive Protection Agreement (GSOMIA), which will expire on November 23. I hope Korea will reconsider the decision to retire and return."
It is unusual for a US official to mention reconsideration of GSOMIA abandonment.
GSOMIA has been concluded by Japan, South Korea, Japan, the United States, and the United States, respectively, and is the basis for sharing missile launch information.
South Korea will be notified in August that it will abandon the agreement with Japan. If it expires, the framework for protecting military information in Japan and South Korea will collapse.
Napper argues that "without GSOMIA we cannot effectively respond to a crisis."
“We have time to expire,” and urged Korea's return.
He also recognized the threat of the joint flight training conducted by Churo-Russ over the Sea of ​​Japan in July as "it's the first time in history" and said, "US, ROK and Japan, who share values ​​such as democracy and human rights, are jointly in an alliance. It is essential to do that."
He pointed out that the recent deterioration of Japan-Korea relations "hurts the national interests of the United States."
"There is no intention of intermediary," he said, "playing a positive role so that Japan and Korea can bridge the gap."
(Yusuke Hirata)
Tokai-mura criticality accident, 20 days in 30 days Nuclear facility troubles 300 cases: Hokkaido Shimbun Doshin electronic version
From the year 2000 to the year 18 following the criticality accident in Tokai-mura, Ibaraki prefecture, where the first death in the history of nuclear energy in Japan occurred, there were 336 accident reports of accidents and breakdowns at nuclear-related facilities nationwide. It was revealed on the 28th by interviewing the Nuclear Regulatory Agency.
It's been 30 years and 20 years since the criticality accident that alerted the safety myth of the nuclear industry.
In the report, although the international rating scale (INES) indicating the degree of seriousness accounted for approximately 90% of cases with level 0 (not important for safety) and cases not subject to evaluation, the accident and the 2011 Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant accident Based on the lessons learned from the above, continuous improvement of safety awareness is required.
Koichi Soda, who has completed the story and original picture of the original picture book and is seeking donation for publication = September 18, Echizen city, Fukui prefecture
Koichi Soda (64), an artist in the Echizen City Regional Cooperation Team of Fukui Prefecture, donated online to publish a creative picture book inspired by the legend of the prefecture in order to promote town development that makes use of picture books. We started crowdfunding.
Ms. Soda, who was born in Hokkaido and started to work as the JOCV in April this year, says "I want to convey the compassionate hearts of the people of Fukui based on their deep faith through picture books."
[Click here for donations] To convey the heart of Fukui.
Mr. Soda is active as an artist who works on contemporary art with a motif of mathematics, but after the 60th birthday, he has also been active as a cooperation team.
After being involved in the town development of Nagano, Kumamoto, and Tochigi, I joined Echizen City in April this year.
Satoko Kako and Chihiro Iwasaki are named after the city, aiming to create a town using picture books.
Mr. Soda says that she was surprised at the depth of compassion surrounding her for the first time after living in the city.
Attention was drawn to the legend of Awara City, "The Bride's Demon Face".
A story that a gentle daughter-in-law continues to chant Buddha to help her, without worrying about the fact that she was surprised in terms of her face.
“Forget hatred and return with compassion and kindness. I felt the origin of the piety and kindness of the people of Fukui.” (Mr. Soda).
Mr. Soda, who got the hint, gathered for the original picture book, such as going to Yoshizaki Gobo in Wara City immediately after arriving, and completed the story "Meoto Oni" in which a gentle demon couple and a boy appeared.
Starting in June, I made full use of my job to draw 10 scenes with warm watercolors, and the materials for the picture book were complete.
Furthermore, we plan to use Echizen Washi, a traditional craft that lives in Echizen City, to produce picture book covers in Japanese paper.
We will provide opportunities for parents and children to enjoy the feel of Japanese paper through reading aloud.
Aiming to publish 600 copies, the donation target is 850,000 yen.
The deadline is until October 25.
Mr. Soda said, "The heart of Fukui, which has been nurtured under the historical Buddhist culture, is proud of all over the country.
I want to tell children what true kindness and compassion has been handed down to children through picture books."
One of the projects that Fukui Prefecture certifies 11 projects of regional revitalization challenged by the cooperation teams and businesses in the prefecture and utilizes the hometown tax payment.
The Fukui Shimbun provides information and the Fukui Bank cooperates in management support.
You can donate from the cloud funding site "Lady Four".
Rugby class for children in Niigata City (Niigata Prefecture) (TeNY TV Niigata)-Yahoo! News
A rugby lesson for children was held on the 28th in Niigata City to get familiar with rugby, which is attracting attention at the World Cup Japan.
The “First Rugby Class” was held on the 28th at the Toriyano Sports Park in Niigata City.
At an event held by the Niigata City Rugby Football Association to get children familiar with rugby, 28 children aged 3 to 12 participated and experienced the basics of rugby such as tackles and passes.
The boy who participated said, "It was fun to see rugby on TV for the first time. It was fun to work together."
The "First Rugby Class" will be held on October 19th.
Ahead of consumption tax increase, rushing customers one after another Retail stores in Okayama Prefecture, special price sale: Sanyo Shimbun Digital |
BIC CAMERA Okayama station square store where sales of large household appliances are strong before the tax increase
On the 28th, the last weekend before the consumption tax increase from 8% to 10%, family members who are rushing to buy were successively visited at electronics retail stores and supermarkets in Okayama prefecture.
There are home centers that open special stores aiming for bulk purchases, and suit stores that sell winter clothing ahead of schedule, and each store is focusing on marketing.
BicCamera Okayama Ekimae Store (Okayama City Kita-ku Ekimaecho) is selling a special price for 30 days.
A 37-year-old male employee of the city who came to the store in search of a refrigerator said, "Although it is 2%, the difference cannot be overlooked if it becomes expensive."
According to the store, large household appliances such as TVs, washing machines, and refrigerators have grown in September, and sales have doubled from the previous year.
"The rush demand is more than I imagined. In the latter half, customers who want high-priced products are conspicuous," said the person in charge.
The sale called "Disposal of the settlement of accounts just before the tax increase" will be carried out by Haruyama Shoji (Same-table Town), which sells suits.
The coat has been on sale since early September, one month earlier than usual, and sales this month have increased by 10% compared to the previous year.
"A ceremony is still ahead, but I would like to buy it before the tax increase," said a 19-year-old male employee who visited the Kurashiki store (Hakurakucho, Kurashiki city) to buy a suit for the adult ceremony.
In this tax increase, the reduced tax rate system will keep the tax rate for food and beverages, so at home centers and supermarkets, we will focus on daily necessities and sake.
At the time center Takaya store in the home center (Kaneki, Naka-ku, Okayama City), we have a special corner near the entrance with a large amount of detergent and tissue.
Sales of daily consumables increased 1.6 times from the same month last year, and said, “If we don't replenish many times a day, we will run out,” said Seiya Shimizu.
A 63-year-old male civil servant from the city who came to the store said, "This is something I should buy anyway, so I took this opportunity" and bought a batch of kitchen paper.
The Tenmaya Happy Town Okanan store (Tshikokoshinmachi, Minami-ku, Tokyo) will also install a wagon with detergent, toilet paper, disposable diapers, etc. at the venue.
A 35-year-old office worker in the city said, “If you receive points for cashless payments, the burden will not change much, so you will not rush to buy daily necessities.”
Best Director Crop 2019 Honoring the Biggest Enemy's "Best Director" (SPORT.es)-Yahoo! News
Jurgen Krop, who won the Best Director award in The Best, looked back on his career in an interview and commented on the current situation.
Among the many statements, what surprised the world was about Pep Guardiola, Manchester City coach, his greatest rival for the Premier League title.
Neymar's best friend Alves says, "His happiness is still Balsa..."
After the "Best of" awards ceremony, the German commander said, "I hadn't imagined anything so great. I'm very happy and proud to have won this award. It's been a great few days for me, and thanks to my players I have won the awards. Most important is the team."
Regarding Guardiola, Crop said, "I have a lot of respect for him." "What can I say about him? He has won many titles. The style his team plays is extraordinary. He is the best coach I have ever played and it is an honor to be nominated with him for the award."
He also mentions directors Pochettino and Tottenham.
“His last year was incredible. Often people won't remember unless they win the title. They gradually built up their team and played in great style.”
Crop has never hesitated about the best moments of 2019 "(CL) It's a turnaround against Barcelona. Many experts and myself wouldn't bet on us even a centimeter. Team with Messi and Suarez. With a 3-0 behind to the opponent... It's like a death sentence. We got a small chance and we could take it. I couldn't believe it. Looking back, the CL You could say that you won the game. This game will be remembered by everyone."
At the end, when asked by a more personal question, "When I celebrated the Bundesliga victory, I woke up on a bench and didn't even know where I was. This time it wouldn't happen. I don't like to get drunk because I'm a man of self-management obsession, I did the blessing of CL conquest very sparingly. I remember everything. If I put everyone in front of me. Then we might be able to identify all the people we saw on the bus."
Special-purpose cars that have introduced from Takumi's techniques to cutting-edge technology to Lexus LC and IS (WEB CARTOP)-Yahoo! News
It is finished in a special one that further enhances the taste and taste
Lexus will set a special specification model of the luxury coupe "LC" and sporty sedan "IS" and will release it on Tuesday, October 1.
[Photo] The interior of the Lexus LC that stands out for its high quality
The special specification car was developed based on the concept of "CRAFTED".
CRAFTED is a Japanese aesthetic that has been cultivated in rich nature and history, and the sensitivity to perceive the vague things that you want without using words. It embodies the desire to make full use of and create new and exciting experiences.
Based on the LC500/LC500h, LC's specially designed PATINA Elegance uses Lexus's finest genuine L-ANILINE seat that combines durability with softness and natural texture, and premium leather with a soft touch. Adopted genuine leather steering wheel.
Finished as a model with a more refined taste and taste.
L-ANILINE carefully selected only the highest quality raw leather and realized softness with a color coat aiming for a thin coating film by a process of softening for a long time and original technology.
Improves sitting comfort and fit while riding.
Premium leather is used for the steering wheel so that you can feel the high quality on your skin.
In addition, the Alcantara roof, laser-etched metal processing, and a scuff plate with an L-shaped overlapping motif to make it look beautiful, and a color head-up display were also specially equipped.
The interior uses a vibrant patina brown for exclusive use with special-purpose cars, door trim, genuine leather seats, and a gorgeous brown combination color on the seat belt.
In addition, the stitch colors utilize two colors, light brown and dark brown, which have different lightness, and combined with the carefully selected texture, it expresses a high-quality and deep space.
Body colors are terrain, khaki mica metallic, which is exclusively set for special-purpose vehicles, sonic titanium, and graphite black glass flakes.
I want to use Sidecar~
According to Apple, macOS Catalina is a new OS that will be delivered in October.
The specific date has not been disclosed, but maybe it will be delivered on October 4th?
[See all images] The release date of macOS Catalina may be October 4th?
The image above has been posted on Apple's site in Denmark (currently fixed).
The image certainly has the words "From October 4 (fra den 4. oktober )".
If it is an official website, the accuracy of the information seems to be high.
By the way, personally, the feature I would like to try the most with macOS Catalina is "Sidecar".
This is a function that handles the iPad as a Mac sub-display, which was previously realized by a third-party application.
And Sidecar is a genuine Apple function, so it is expected that it will be more complete (and responsive).
There are rumors about the next MacBook Pro with a 16-inch display, but first of all, I would like to fully experience this next-generation macOS.
Sakura shrimp in the growth process PT such as Shizuoka city, water depth 290 meters taken | Shizuoka Shimbun at S
Sakura shrimp born this year, which was successfully photographed in the deep waters of Suruga Bay = Off Kambara, Shimizu-ku, Shizuoka City (provided by "Yui Sakura shrimp project")
The “Yui Sakura Shrimp Project” of the Marine Industry Cluster Council by industry, academia and government, including Shizuoka City, has recently succeeded in photographing the Sakura shrimp that was thought to have been born during the spawning season in the spring and summer of this year on the seabed at a depth of 290 meters in Suruga Bay.
The images of the growth process are valuable, and the people involved want to help elucidate the ecology of the mysterious cherry shrimp.
The photo was taken near the seabed approximately 1.5 kilometers offshore in the Kambara district of Shimizu-ku, Tokyo.
About 300 animals were confirmed in 17 minutes.
In the daytime, the conventional knowledge that the prawns in the deep sea "form a certain number of swarms on the sea floor" was reaffirmed.
The adult is about 40 mm long, and the individual reflected is about 23 mm long.
The spawning season was identified by comparing with seasonal data of landed tiger shrimp.
For detailed analysis, we will ask Fujitsu Software Technologies and Shizuoka College of Technology to form a team.
Keisuke Mizuno, the project leader, said, "I want to capture the living appearance of growing individuals, including juvenile shrimp."
Mother farm reopened, Chiba residents free of charge Damage to typhoon until the end of October | Shizuoka Shimbun at S
Chiba's mascot character "Cheba-kun" welcomes visitors at the mother ranch where business has resumed = 28th morning, Futtsu City, Chiba Prefecture
A mother farm in Futtsu City, Chiba Prefecture, which had been closed since the 9th due to a power outage due to Typhoon No. 15 and damage to facilities, resumed business on the 28th.
Chiba residents will be admitted free of charge until the end of October in order to liven up the disaster area.
Many people visited at the same time as the park was opened under the clear autumn sky, and at the entrance gate, the prefecture's mascot character, "Cheba-kun," rushed to cheer for support.
The roof is covered with blue sheets and some facilities are still under repair, but half of the restaurants have arrived.
Kenji Mitani (34), an employee of Sagamihara City who visited with his family, said, "I was worried about when it would resume, and I looked forward to the event of potato digging in hopes that it would lead to a recovery."
All-way Go top 4 decision: Hokkaido Shimbun Shishin electronic version
The 69th All-Do Go Championship (sponsored by the Hokkaido Shimbun) started on the 28th at the Hokkaido Shimbun in Chuo-ku, Sapporo.
30 people participated in the tournament competing for the top of the Hokkaido amateurs, and the best 4 were available.
It was Tetsuya Asano (48) = Sapporo area =, Hideyuki Takuma (52) = same =, Takuji Tomita (72) = Asahikawa area =, Mamoru Takausu (75) = Kitami area = who advanced to the semi-finals.
Kazuya Takasawa (49), who won the previous year's championship, lost in the quarter-finals to Asano, who boasts the most wins in the tournament eight times, with a half gap.
Yuya Shinoda (8) = Sapporo area = who was the youngest player in the history of the tournament was defeated by Kazutoyo Arai (75) = Obihiro area =, who was the runner-up in the previous year in the first round.
Mr. Arai lost the second round.
On the 29th, the semi-finals and finals of Go all the way from 1:30 pm.
The 26th All-Women's Women's Go Championship will be held from 10:00 am.
All venues are Hokkaido Shimbun (Odori Nishi 3).
(Yasutoshi Nakamura)
[First half of the Bud Olympics race] World champion Kento Momota and leading Zhou Tensei take a step forward!
&lt;Men's Singles&gt; (Bud x Spirit!
The Japan National Team, which won six medals at the 25th World Championship (Basel, Switzerland) at the badminton big event held in August, finished the training camp in early September and started the Chinese OP from the 17th ( Entered Changzhou/Super1000).
Here, looking back at the first half of the season from May to August, when the Olympics race for the Tokyo Olympics next year began, we will look at the men's singles for the midfield battle (September to December). / Badminton Magazine Editorial Department).
The badminton Olympics race that started in May consumed four high-ranking competitions (Super500 or higher) in which top players participate at the end of the world championship.
In the first half of the game, Kenmochi Momota, who won 2 out of 4 tournaments, and Chou Tian Cheng, Taiwan, will have kept good results in the first half.
Momoda won the World Championship, Zhou Tengli won the Indonesian OP (S1000), and the competition where you can get high points of the "World Ranking Points" that are directly connected to the Olympic race.
Momoda also controls Japan OP (S750).
The tournaments that we have participated in since May are 4 tournaments: the Sudirman Cup (May/China), Indonesian OP (July/results above 16), Japan OP (July), and World Championship (August).
Although the number is small compared to other top players, the schedule has kept the burden on the body low.
Since only one World Championship event was held in August, fatigue will not be greater than during consecutive battles.
Good results are required in midfield games, where the top tournaments have continued since September.
Ace of Taiwan that is strong against consecutive battles.
Also pay attention to young Thai people!
Zhou Tengsei, who also won the top tournament of Indonesia OP and Thailand OP (S500), has already participated in 7 tournaments.
He also participated in the local Taipei OP (S300) at the beginning of September and won the victory brilliantly.
Originally a player who is physically strong and who does not suffer from consecutive battles.
Even if the tournament continues, there is no big problem in the performance of the game.
On the contrary, by gaining high points in the first half of the game, it would have been easier to adjust the schedule of the competitions that will be played in the future.
Zhou Tensei had the impression that he lacked explosive power until last year, but this year he became more stable in terms of playing, and he is now able to maintain good results.
For Momota, who is number one in the world ranking, it seems to be a more difficult opponent than ever.
In addition to these two players, the results of the first half of the game were the young Thai ace Kantafon and India's Sai Planice B.
Anders Anders Antonsen, who is struggling as a European player, is three players.
Although Kantafon doesn't make it to the finals in the top tournaments, it has the power to go on to the top, such as being in the best four in two tournaments this season.
Although there is still a rough side, the 20-year-old (21-year-old on the 18th), who has become able to rally with top athletes, has a great potential to make a leap in the Olympics.
Cy Planice B. also took a step out in India, where they have good singles players.
Samir Barama, Planoi H.S., and Srikans Kidambi, who lag behind due to injuries, will catch up, so be careful of the Indians after the mid-season.
New charges for mobile phones Price cuts in fair competition: Hokkaido Shimbun Shishin electronic version
With the enforcement of the revised Telecommunications Business Law in October, new charge plans for mobile phone companies have been released.
However, the price remained high.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshii Suga said last summer that "there is room for a 40% reduction," and despite expectations for price reductions, price competition did not occur.
The major factor is that the three major companies are still in an oligopolistic state because Rakuten's full-scale entry has been postponed.
It is desirable for consumers to have a fee system that is easy to use due to fair competition.
I would like to seek the efforts of mobile companies.
The revised law prohibits set discounts for terminal charges and communication charges.
This is because the communication charges were set to be higher, instead of selling the terminal charges cheaply.
SoftBank and KDDI(au) announced plans to cut the price of terminals up to half.
However, both companies have a mechanism that "SIM lock" is applied to the terminal, which cannot use other company's line for 100 days.
NTT Docomo will reduce the terminal cost up to one-third only for subscribers of its own line.
It seems that all three companies are continuing to "enclose" to prevent transfer to other companies.
Regarding the SIM lock, the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications has announced a policy of requiring immediate release.
Companies need to take immediate action.
Rakuten has been postponed because the development of communication networks such as base stations did not proceed as planned.
It was a shameless dress because it was expected to be a catalyst for price cut competition.
I wonder if there was a lack of outlook.
The start date and price of the full-scale service have not been clarified.
As a company responsible for social infrastructure, we want you to take responsibility and engage in business.
This price revision was triggered by the statement by Chief Cabinet Secretary Kan.
Mr. Suga complained about the new tariffs of the three companies, "I think the competition will start from now.
However, it is unlikely that the “government price cut” will distort the market and promote healthy competition.
Businesses should develop customer-oriented competition before the government says it.
The pricing system of each company is very complicated and not easy to compare.
The Consumer Affairs Agency called for caution, saying that there are cases where the burden on the consumer exceeds half the price even though the terminal has advertised that the price will be half the maximum.
The company itself must give careful and easy-to-understand explanations to prevent misunderstandings from users.
Withdrawal limit reduced to 500,000 yen Mie prefecture 3 credit card cash card-Ise Shimbun
On March 26, three credit unions in Mie Prefecture (Kuwana Mie Shinkin, Kita Ise Ueno Shinkin, Kihoku Shinkin) announced that they have decided to lower the withdrawal limit with a cash card to prevent damage from special fraud.
Deposits for persons over 70 who have cash cards of Shinkin Kuwana, Kita Ise Ueno, and Kihoku Shinkin Bank, and have not withdrawn over a certain amount with ATM (Automatic Teller Machine) for the past 3 years. The maximum amount that can be withdrawn with a cash card per day is 500,000 yen.
Kuwana Mie Shinkin Bank and Kita Ise Ueno Shinkin Bank will reduce the price from October 1st, and Kihoku Shinkin Bank will reduce from November 1st.
In the prefecture, there are frequent cases of special fraud cases in which a cash card and a personal identification number are masqueraded as a financial institution or police official, and then ATM is withdrawn. We want to protect your important deposits."
Yokozuna Tsururyu transferred to Mutsu room due to sudden death of Master Izutsu | Shizuoka Shimbun at S
The Japan Sumo Association announced yesterday that it has approved the transfer of three wrestlers from Yokozuna Tsururya and one other Izutsu room and one Tokoyama to the Mutsu room following the death of his master Izutsu.
The Mutsu room is the same as Tsutsufuze, the same as the Izutsu room.
His master, Mutsu Oku (formerly Ozeki Kirishima), is from the Izutsu room and is a sibling of the late Izutsu master.
Master Izutsu died suddenly on the 16th, and Tsururyu and his colleagues left the same Kagamiyama room as a temporary custody, and their future treatment was being discussed.
There are 12 wrestlers in the Mutsu room at the time of autumn, including Jiryo Kirimayama from Mongolia, who is the same as Tsururyu.
[Rugby World Cup] One-shot exit & scramble An American player's "face danger tackle" overseas ripple "Insulting and despicable play" (THE ANSWER)-Yahoo! News
US FL Quill Rough Plays, Former England National Team “Not Tackle”
The Rugby World Cup (World Cup) Japan Tournament on the 26th was the last appearance in 20 participating countries, and the United States lost to England 7-45.
It was launched as a black star, but the rough play played by FL John Quill in the latter half of the season is causing ripples.
One shot with a shoulder tackle added to the opponent's face.
The actual scenes have also been released to the foreign media with videos, and former England players have also complained that they are "insulting and despicable play" and "not tackleable".
[Video] "Insulting and despicable play" and overseas ripples!
One-off, in a turmoil that both players are confused ... The actual moment of "face dangerous tackle" played by US representative Quill
The hot fighting spirit has crossed the line.
It's the 29th minute of the second half, when I reached 0-38.
Deep in the opponents, England captain Farrell lost some balance as he caught his ally's pass.
It was Quill who went to tackle this.
However, I raised my upper body, not from the waist down, and hit the upper body violently.
As a result, the other person's head comes into contact with each other, and the head collides.
Farrell was blasted hard and collapsed.
An English player protests to push Quill into the apparently unjustified play.
Both athletes gathered at once, and it was a quick air.
As a result of TMO (video judgment), Quill was sent off with a red card.
He left the pitch with a bad look, but some boos were heard from the crowd seeking fair play.
Rugby powerhouse New Zealand's local media "staff" featured the headline "Rugby World Cup 2019: US players leaving in despicable play, England is a good victory".
"Kill was sent off with a sneaky shoulder charge on England Star player Farrell's face."
In the article, we introduce the comments of former England national team player and commentator Hugo Monja.
"It's insulting and despicable. It can't be called a tackle. It's despicable play," he said.
The United States, which lacked one in the match, managed to escape the closeout loss with a naive try in the 81st minute.
However, Quill's play had a bad aftertaste.
On September 26, the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare first announced the names of 424 hospitals that were judged to be “poor in medical practice” out of 1455 public hospitals and public hospitals such as JRCS nationwide.
In Fukui Prefecture, the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare verifies the treatment results of 14 public hospitals ▽ National Hospital Organization Awara Hospital in Awara City ▽ Sakai Mikuni Hospital ▽ Oda Hospital in Echizen Town ▽ Wakasa Takahama Hospital in Takahama Town- Four facilities were targeted.
⇒Four hospitals subject to reorganization "Funny standards"
In order to control medical costs that expand due to the aging of the population, he decided to take an unusual response, saying that it is necessary to promote reorganization and integration with hospitals in competing areas.
In October, we will request the target hospitals to make a full-scale study on reorganization and integration, and have them reach a conclusion by September next year.
Although there is no compulsory force, it is expected that local chiefs and local residents will repulse the fear of the disappearance of nearby hospitals.
It was announced at a meeting on the same day.
The target hospitals accounted for 29.1% of the total, and many hospitals had relatively few beds.
By prefecture, Niigata (53.7%), Hokkaido (48.6%), Miyagi (47.5%), Yamaguchi (46.7%), and Okayama (43.3%) had the highest proportion. It was
The largest number of subjects was 54 in Hokkaido, and the number was zero in Okinawa.
Based on the data of FY2017, the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare investigates 1455 hospitals among public and public hospitals that can support “severe acute phase” for critically ill patients and “acute phase” for general surgery.
We analyzed the medical records of 9 items such as cancer and emergency medical care, and analyzed whether there were competing hospitals within 20 minutes by car, and determined the necessity of publicizing the hospital name.
Ask target hospitals to consider abolishing or moving some departments to other hospitals.
Medical costs will surge in 25 years, when all baby boomers will be 75 or older.
For this reason, the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare has set a goal of reducing the number of hospital beds in Japan, which has 1246,000 beds (18 years), to 1191,000 beds.
Currently, while there are many beds in the “high acute phase” and “acute phase”, where nurses are generously placed and medical costs are high, there is a shortage of rehabilitation services for elderly people who have high needs.
To cope with the aging population, it is necessary not only to simply reduce the number of beds, but also to increase the number of rehabilitation facilities.
With regard to the reorganization and integration of hospitals, each prefecture has established a "community medical care plan" that defines the number of beds required in 25 years.
Although the whole country is divided into 339 areas and the local governments and medical personnel are discussing with each other, many local residents and the chief are still cautious and the discussion is difficult.
The Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare is hoping to stimulate the debate by publishing the name of a hospital with a poor track record.
Komagatake eruption assumption, comprehensive disaster prevention training such as roads Wide area with residents' participation for the first time in 18 years (video): Hokkaido Shimbun Doshin electronic version
On September 27th, comprehensive disaster drills were conducted in the forest, Nanae, and Shikabe town on the island of Oshima, assuming an eruption of Mt. Komagatake (1131 meters).
Approximately 400 people, including staff and residents of 20 organizations such as roads and 3 towns, participated.
Held for the first time since the Hokkaido Komagatake Volcano Disaster Prevention Council formulated an evacuation plan that included evacuation routes for residents in August.
It is the first time in 18 years since the wide-area training in which residents participate.
It is assumed that Mt. Komaga erupted at 8:45 am and a mud flow reached the town at the foot of the mountain.
When the eruption alert level was raised to 5 (evacuation), evacuation centers were opened in Mori and Nanae towns, and residents moved by buses and police vehicles prepared by each town.
100,000 students appeal for climate change measures in Vancouver on climate vacation in Vancouver (Everyone's economic newspaper network)-Yahoo! News
Approximately 100,000 citizens, mainly students who sympathized with 16-year-old environmental activist Greta Thunberg, held a march in Vancouver City on September 27, calling for measures against climate change.
Climate demonstration in Vancouver
The march took place from Vancouver City Hall across the Canby Bridge to the downtown library.
People with placards started gathering in front of the city hall of the meeting place several hours before the start, and at the time of 13:00 at the start time, it was enough to fill the road a few blocks in front of the city hall.
After that, the number of participants continued to increase, and eventually more than 100,000 people participated.
On the road along the way, the police also cooperated with the road regulation, watching for several hours until everyone had walked.
In line with the United Nations Climate Action Summit held in New York, many events to think about global warming have been held since last weekend in Vancouver.
On the 27th day of the final day, we held a school strike called "Fridays for Future".
The students who took a break from school on this day appealed to the adults that they wanted to protect the earth even after taking a break from the important thing of school, and many adults who took a break from work also said, "We are seriously learning and thinking. We will do our best for the future of our children."
Swine Fever Vaccine Recommended Areas 9 Prefectures Ministry of Agriculture (Gifu Shimbun Web)-Yahoo! News
The Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries announced on the 27th the amendment of the epidemic prevention guideline that allows the preventive vaccination of domestic pigs, which is not currently accepted, in order to prevent the spread of the infectious disease "porcine cholera". did.
The target area is to select 9 prefectures, such as Gifu and Aichi prefectures, which have been confirmed to be infected with pigs and wild boars.
The movement of live vaccinated pigs and fertilized eggs is restricted within the region, but the distribution of meat and processed products outside the region is permitted.
After public comments to the public (public opinion solicitation), aim to complete the procedure in October at the earliest.
By using vaccines and permitting the outside distribution of meat, etc., it may no longer be a “clean country” that has been certified by international organizations, which may affect the export of pork.
Since the outbreak in September of last year, Japan has been on hold for a while as a free country.
In the proposed amendment, the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries has set "Vaccination Recommended Areas" based on the opinions of experts regarding areas where the risk of transmission from wild boars to pigs is high.
The target prefecture will create a "vaccination program" that summarizes the range, timing, number, and method of vaccination, etc. After receiving confirmation from the ministry, use will be approved by the governor.
The other seven prefectures listed as recommended areas for inoculation are Saitama, Toyama, Ishikawa, Fukui, Nagano, Mie, and Shiga.
When the guidelines are revised, the region will determine the situation again and make a new decision.
As a general rule, the movement of inoculated pigs, semen, fertilized eggs, carcasses, and excrement should be restricted within the area.
Considering the cost of distribution restrictions and the impact on farmers, we do not target meat and processed products, and actually allow distribution outside the region.
Thoroughly dispose of food waste to prevent the spread of viruses.
We appeal to the safety of vaccinated pigs and work to prevent reputational damage.
The draft revision of the guidelines was compiled at an expert meeting held on the same day and confirmed at a meeting of the epidemic prevention headquarters.
In the future, we will carry out opinion inquiry and public comments to the prefectures until October 7, and implement the new epidemic prevention guidelines.
Keisuke Honda, an independent approach to Man U!
"Give me an offer, no money needed" (Football channel)-Yahoo! News
9/28 (Sat) 2:57 delivery
Keisuke Honda, a former Japanese national team midfielder who has left the Australian A league's Melbourne Victory for the last season, is now in a surprising position.
[Video] Keisuke Honda, were you actually in the match?
The astonishing truth is revealed
Honda, who updated his Twitter account at midnight on the 27th of Japan time, said, "Give me an offer. You don't need money, but you have to play with a great team or a great teammate." It's fun.
The person who sent the "reverse offer" was Manchester United, a world-renowned person.
Why did Honda make a spectacular request to one of the most powerful clubs in the Premier League?
The trigger was in an article on the Australian version of "FOX Sports" published on the 24th.
In an article titled "5 Manchester United FWs could catch in the aftermath of injuries," five independent players are currently available.
Among the players such as Hatem Ben Alpha, Giuseppe Rossi and Wilfredo Bonney, Honda also had the name.
Currently, United is in an emergency with many injured such as MF Paul Pogba, DF Luke Shaw, DF Eric Bailey, FW Antony Marshall, FW Marcus Rushford.
The "Red Devil" headed by Ole Gunner Seurchar is forced to make a difficult start with 2 wins and 22 losses in the league, and has problems with the quality of the front line.
Therefore, it was Honda that the Australian media named as a new force candidate for leveraging.
As the article says, "Strictly speaking, it's not a striker, but Honda's contract as a creative side player can fill the holes Andreas Pereira is filling in."
It was pointed out that the nine-time score in 18 games at Melbourne Victory was a "steady record", but "33-year-old Honda needs to get away from his entertainment that manages the Cambodian national team and get full attention."
Will Honda's approach pay off?
It is also important to see if United will move because of the veteran who professes to be participating in the Tokyo Olympics next year.
Completion of installation of 500 portable translators Free loan to Hamamatsu Chamber of Commerce and stores | Shizuoka Shimbun at S
Portable translator "Poketalk" that is loaned free to 500 locations such as stores in Hamamatsu city
The Hamamatsu Chamber of Commerce and Industry announced on October 26 that it has completed the installation of a total of 500 units at stores in Hamamatsu city, as a business to lend a portable translator "Poketalk" to member offices free of charge.
It is the first time in the nation that the translator is centrally deployed in the same area, and attention will be paid to whether it will improve inbound (inbound tourist) responsiveness.
The breakdown of loan destinations is a restaurant 236, a retail store 113, an accommodation facility 17, and other 134.
Naka-ku of the city accounts for 60%.
We started displaying loan destinations on the map application "Google Maps" and made it possible to identify the location of "stores that support foreign languages" on your smartphone.
You can access it from the site of Lake Hamana tourism area.
The free loan of PokeTalk corresponding to 74 languages ​​was started in April in response to the declaration of “Hamamatsu, the best inbound support city in Japan” by 9 groups in the city.
The Chamber of Commerce purchases 500 units and lends them to small and medium-sized business establishments that meet the requirements for hospitality certification, introduction of cashless payment, etc. for two years.
A person in charge of the Chamber of Commerce said, "In a difficult business environment, we hope to help develop new foreign customers."
Now, the direct-dora master Hiroyo Ikemura does not need a tee up even for the first shot
Today's Caddy's best shot
A 1W shot is not always a tee-up shot.
There is also a so-called "straight-drag" technique that hits the ball on the ground when you want to gain distance with the second shot of a par 5.
The recent 1W has the risk of the ball scattering due to the large head volume, but there are players who practice this often on the tee ground.
Hiroyo Ikemura is waiting for his first victory on the tour.
At the age of 24 in the seventh year of professionalism, despite being a small body with a height of 166 cm, he is currently 7th in the driving distance category (average 304.02 yd).
While being good at long shots, one of the challenges was the accuracy of the fairway wood.
In the early spring, "I couldn't shoot a spoon (3W), so I'm thinking of doing a straight drive," he said.
From the practice round, I dropped a ball on the grass in the tee area, and sometimes I could shake off 1W.
In cases where big carry is required, we often use tee-ups, but we are making effective use of straight gadgets in holes with narrow sides.
"It can be used in holes where the line of sight is downhill."
Carry recorded 270 yd to 280 yd with a ballistic instrument.
"So I don't need 3W. I think the caddy can be more comfortable with a direct drive than a 3W...".
Since the "Japan Tour Championship" in June, the wood is only 1W in the caddy bag.
The second longest club is UT with a loft of 17 degrees.
The tactics that surprised the tour companions were astonishing to hear from the gallery I saw.
The trick is to "swing the club level (horizontal)".
"I can't fly straight down or down, even if I hit it with the upper. If it's a cut trajectory, it goes to the right. Originally I was doing a straight drama to correct the swing of a 1W shot (at the time of tee-up). With practice, the attack angle (angle of incidence of the club) also becomes gentler."
The ball is not caught and there is a risk of slicing, but "So you can erase the left side (does not turn to the left)."
It's a professional technique that makes me scream, though I say it easily.
The first ice at Tadadaira Norikura (Gifu Shimbun Web)-Yahoo! News
Ice observed for the first time this season at Tsurugaike pond in Mt. Norikura Mt.
Ice was observed for the first time this season on the 27th at Tsurugaike Pond in Tatadaira, Mt. Norikura, Northern Alps (Tanigawa-cho, Takayama City, Gifu Prefecture, altitude 2702m).
It is 4 days later than last year and 1 day earlier than the average of the past 10 years.
According to the Norikura Skyline Management Office, at around 6:25 am, the staff who had patroled the road confirmed that about 2 mm of ice had spread on the west side of Tsurugaike.
The weather at the time of the observation was fine and the temperature was 3 degrees.
According to the Gifu Local Meteorological Observatory, the lowest temperature in the prefecture on that day was 9.5 degrees Celsius at Rokugaya, Sogawa-cho.
Let's experience para competition!
Until Tomorrow Aeon Onahama Caravan Event "Iwaki Minpo Official Homepage
Aiming to cultivate momentum for the 2020 Tokyo Paralympic Games, “Tohoku 6 Prefecture Caravan Event “Challenge 6” in Fukushima Prefecture” started by Tokio Marine & Nichido Fire Insurance on the 28th at AEON MALL Iwaki Onahama.
As the Paralympic Games, there are 6 corners where you can experience boccia, wheelchair fencing, wheelchair basketball, goalball, athletics, and wheelchair rugby.
Challenge 6 is held from July to October in each of the six prefectures of the Tohoku region, and AEON MALL Iwaki Onahama was the venue in Fukushima prefecture.
The Paralympic Games still have a low profile compared to the Olympic Games, but through Challenge 6, the aim is to make many people understand by having the same experience as Para-athletes.
At the venue, a familiar comedy talent, Dandy Sakano, who was familiar with "Getz!"
On the 29th, comedian Talent Maggie rushes.
Until 29th.
Hours are 10am-5pm.
Children's play facility, Minaminumabara elementary school, construction outline decided Yamagata City | Yamagata Shimbun
A successful bidder for the children's play facility and the Minaminumahara small and new school building where Yamagata City is proceeding with a construction plan using the private capital development (PFI) method has been decided, and the city council standing committee held on the 26th outlines the facility. Was explained.
Image of a new children's play facility in Katayachi, Yamagata city
The children's play facility is scheduled to be constructed on the north side of Yamagata Kuchu in the Katayachi district, and the site area is about 23,400 square meters.
The building is a steel single-story building with a total floor area of ​​about 3,000 square meters.
It has a semi-underground gymnasium, cafe, and book corner.
In addition, it will be equipped with universally designed play equipment that allows children with disabilities to play outdoors, and will secure 300 parking spaces.
An examination committee was held at the city hall on May 5, and the shelter group (Yamagata City) made up of 13 companies made a successful bid for 3,050 million yen including the design, opening preparation costs, and maintenance and operation costs for 15 years.
Design and construction will begin in January next year, with an opening in March 2022.
Image of Minaminumahara small new school building
Minaminumahara Elementary School is a large-scale school with more than 900 students.
Construction is planned on the north side of the current school building in Iizawa, and the site area is approximately 21,500 square meters.
It is a three-story reinforced concrete building with a total floor area of ​​approximately 8580 square meters.
There are 30 classrooms, two pools, a steel-framed gymnasium, and a club for after school children.
At the Exploratory Committee meeting on the 6th of this month, the Ichimura Construction Company Group (Yamagata City) made up of 8 companies won the bid for 4,501.21 million yen including the design, dismantling costs of the old school building, and maintenance and operation costs for 15 years.
Design and construction started in December, and is scheduled to be completed in October 2010.
Houri "This time is a romance fulfillment ..." Yuko Araki & Kengo Kora starring Fuji series drama "Motokaremania" decided to appear (sports news)-Yahoo! News
Actress Houri (29) will appear on Fuji TV's new drama "Motokaremania" starring Yuko Araki (25) and Kengo Takara (31) (started October 17, Thursday, 10:00 pm). decided.
Houli plays Kenta Chizuru, a major food maker colleague who works by Kenta Hamano (38) and Akio Yamashita.
The original character of the drama, Chizuru, who doesn't appear in the original story, has no interest in marriage, and says that marriage is a "means" to keep himself financially free.
Yamashita appeared there.
I approach the "just married partner", witnessing the future prospects of rarely changing from Hokkaido to the Tokyo headquarters and the beautiful way of eating rice.
Chizuru seems to have a strong mentality, but the mentality is actually weak like tofu.
It is upset if things don't go as expected because they have a love strategy to prevent them from getting hurt.
Chizuru, who lives in imagination, meets Yurika Shinki and Yurika and Yamashita.
Fujii is a terrestrial TV drama that has been featured in a number of popular works such as the NHK TV series "Toto-neechan" (April-October 2016) and TBS "Black Pean" (April 2018). This is the first time to appear in.
“I have a lot of roles in which my love doesn't grow up for some reason, so I hope this time (love) will be fulfilled (laughs). I want to enjoy and play Chizuru Kaga,” he said. I'm looking forward to seeing all of the fascinating cast members and staff members and how to create this world of "Motokaremania".I hope everyone can enjoy the drama every Thursday at 10am. "I sent a message to the viewer.
It was also decided that Sora Okura (17) will play the new employee of Chizuru, Spinning Hattori.
Okura, the youngest of the regular casts, shows a fresh acting full of youth.
GQ MEN 10-day wear-Day 9 "Friends and Skateboards" (GQ JAPAN)-Yahoo! News
The means of transportation is exclusively skateboarding!
I've been addicted to it since I started to slip after being invited by a friend.
I'm still a beginner, but it feels good to run through the asphalt with a push.
Filson's hunting jacket is convenient because you can put your smartphone, wallet or luggage in it and you can be hands-free.
The shorts feel the wind directly.
Not only your feet, but also Converse's skateboard shoes.
The fashion and culture around the skateboard is also cool, so I often check magazines and Instagram!
I also started to go to a salon run by a skater hairdresser in Yutenji.
I was inspired by the tricks I couldn't do at all, information on skateboard parks, and various other things.
After school, it is our daily routine to walk around the city with friends and skateboard.
Wearing items-Beanie 10,000 yen &lt;ANDERSEN-ANDERSEN/Maiden Company TEL03-5410-9777&gt;-Best 23,000 yen &lt;FILSON/Outer Limits TEL03-5413-6957&gt;-Tops 12,000 yen &lt;PRE _ / Wag Ink TEL03-5791-1501 ＞ ・Shorts 6800 yen &lt;PROPPER/High!Standard TEL03-3464-2109 ＞ ・Socks 1800 yen 〈CHICSTOCKS/No design TEL03-6677-6030 〉・Sneakers 12,000 yen 〈CONVERSE SKATEBOARDING/ Converse Information Store TEL0120-819-217&gt;
Minister of Health, Labor and Welfare visits family with leprosy 3 ministries talks to eliminate discrimination | Shizuoka Shimbun at S
Minister of Health, Labor and Welfare Katsunobu Kato revealed at a press conference after the Cabinet meeting on October 27 that he will meet with families of former patients with leprosy on October 2.
It also announced that the MHLW, MEXT, and the Ministry of Justice will hold discussions on the same day to eliminate discrimination and prejudice against former patients and their families.
Mr. Kato said, "I want to listen closely to the voices of my family and try my best to solve the problem."
Regarding the ex-patient family, the Kumamoto district court ordered the country to pay a total of about 376 million yen to 541 plaintiffs in a judgment in June.
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe announced the decision to postpone the appeal and the ruling was confirmed.
Also, the government was planning to undertake activities such as compensation measures and human rights awareness.
Opportunity for male model aspirants!
Ryo Narita and other models belonging to a wide range of actors and talents "Professional model audition 2019" (debut) at 35 professional entertainment companies and model agencies-Yahoo! News
Among the participating companies, not only models like Ryo Narita, but also a large number of offices of male models, such as actors, who demonstrate multi-talented talent, are also participating.
[Photo] SOS Model Agency Affiliation: Kenji Taniguchi
A model dedicated to the magazine "MEN`S NON-NO" (Shueisha), appeared in the movie "Human Disqualification" (now open) and the movie "Katsuben! "Sony Music Artists" to which Ryo Narita, who has been highly acclaimed as an actor, has starred in (released on December 13).
Yohji Yamamoto GrundY/s'yte While acting as an advertising model, Kenji Taniguchi, who has appeared in the movie "Kamen Rider Amazons" Amazon Alpha / Hitoshi Takayama and the stage "Joker Game / Colonel Yuki", belongs to "SOS model" Agency".
Stage "Touken Ranbu" Jiden ~Hibinoha Yororu Ramu~ Jiro Tachi, Hyper Projection Theatrical "Haikyu!!"
"NVR MND inc." to which Sodairo Yasunaga belongs, who has been a model for Amazon Fashon Week and fashion magazine editorials, and has recently been active in various brand models such as UNIQLO, NIKE, and adidas.
"Prestige" belonging to HIROTO, which appears in CMs such as WEGO, COLOPL, LINEB612, TikTok, and Johnson & Johnson, CM of Santen Pharmaceutical "Sun Medical", stage "Gentle Devil", "Akimachi Twilight", "Marigold: Flower of despair" Create Japan Agency belonging to Ryumori Ei who appears in "."
He has appeared in many women's magazines, including men's fashion magazines such as "POPEYE" and "Smart".
Many model offices are participating, such as LOOK BOOK of domestic and foreign brands, and "Burquin style" to which HAYASE, which is widely active in advertising, belongs.
The first manuscript before Akutagawa's suicide is released to the public. Debilitating and tragic literature theory | Shizuoka Shimbun at S
Bunshi Tabata's first manuscript published by Ryunosuke Akutagawa at the Memorial Museum
Ryunosuke Akutagawa (1892-1927), a writer, published a essay "sequel literary, too literary" written by Junichiro Tanizaki in his last year as a literary manuscript. I got it at the Village Memorial by 27th.
It will be exhibited at the same building from October 1st.
It was known that there was an essay such as being recorded in the complete collection, but this is the first time that a handwritten manuscript is open to the public.
It is believed that the author wrote a few months before Akutagawa committed suicide, and Takeshi Tanei, a researcher at the Memorial Hall, said, "We can see that Akutagawa, who is physically and mentally debilitated, seriously faces literary challenges with a tragic preparedness." ..
A total of 12 manuscripts of 200 manuscript papers were published in the April 27 issue of Bungei Shunju.
Greta Toonberi "Why Adults Scoff and Threaten Children" Asks a question on Twitter.
Swedish environmental activist Greta Thunberg gave a speech on September 23 at the United Nations Climate Action Summit in New York.
While the speech is receiving attention, there are some outrageous messages that insult Greta.
[Tweet Collection] Greta Toonbelli "Why Adults Mock and Threaten Children"
A political commentator apologized to the TV station who appointed him, saying he was "mentally ill. Used by his parents and the international leftist" on an American television show.
Even in Japan, there are many messages on the Internet that comment on Greta, such as "I'm sorry for being used" and "I should go to school", and comment on the parts that are not what Greta said.
Meanwhile, Greta posted on his Twitter account on September 26: "Why adults spend time ridiculing and threatening teenagers and children?"
"I come up with every conceivable lie or conspiracy theory"
Greta said, "Oh, it's started again. As you can see, those who hate me are still active. I chase after what I look like, my clothes, my attitude, and where I am different. They come up with every conceivable lie or conspiracy theory."
He then pointed out that adults seem to stagger the point of discussion because they don't want to face climate and environmental crises.
To be honest, I don't understand why adults spend time ridiculing and threatening teenagers and children.
I could do another good at that time.
I think they feel threatened by us.
But don't spend your time on paying more attention to them.
The world is starting to wake up.
Changes are coming.
Whether adults like the change or not.
See you on the street on Friday!
Strikes on climate change were held in New York and other parts of the world on the 20th of last Friday.
Greta also called for something to do on Friday 27th.
Huff Post Japanese Edition Editorial Department
[Program Council] Akita Television (Sankei Shimbun)-Yahoo! News
Akita Television's 432nd Broadcast Program Council (Chairman Kiyohiko Ebatake) was held to discuss "Akita's curry, which is really delicious by editors, professional cooks, and celebrities!"
The program introduced each Ichi recommended curry store, points to enjoy professional taste at home, and secret stories about the birth of retort curry.
The committee members said, “Simple and clear concept and theme.” “I was interested in it until the end. There was a tempo with curry bread etc.” “I could see it from a different perspective from the gourmet site”. On the other hand, there were also opinions such as "the reproduction drama is long" and "I wanted one-point advice for professional curry making."
Rikuya Hoshino Aiming to win the gold prize in reversal (Golf Network) by leveraging the experience of "Luff's turf eyes have been studied differently than usual" (Golf Network)-Yahoo! News
The Japan-Korea tour co-sponsored competition "Shin Handong Open" was held on the 22nd at the Bear's Best Cheongna Golf Club (7,238 yards, par 71) in South Korea, and the final round was held. He finished the tournament with a total of 9 under and 5th place, which was the top of the Japanese group.
[Video] Coming to Japan!
Garcia wedge shot
I could stretch it to some extent in the first half, so I thought that I could go with that momentum in the second half, but I was disappointed because the putter did not work well and I could not grow it.
― Did you see the victory with the sixth eagle and the seventh birdie?
Even after hitting the bogey with number 4, there was still a par 5, so if I was trying to get it back, chip in eagle came at number 6.
I had the chance to catch birdies in number 7, but I was disappointed that I couldn't grow in the second half.
-What did you get at this tournament?
It's good that I was able to keep it well on the course where the fairway is narrow because the condition (on the shot) wasn't good recently.
The rough course was different from the normal course and the reverse course, and the method of hitting and the distance changed, so I didn't have much (experience), so I learned a lot.
-What is the difference from the usual competition?
I think it was possible to shoot with a camera (such as a smartphone).
I wasn't interested in it at all, but the gallery people used to take videos.
Other than that, there weren't many things that changed, but since it was a co-sponsored tournament with few Japanese players, I felt like I wouldn't lose to overseas players.
The second half of the game will continue from now on, but I need to win more than one win in order to win the prize king, so I would like to win another one, and since there is a ZOZO championship up close, I will be able to enter the top ranks in the competitions so far and qualify for participation I will do my best.
How to prevent dementia and keep it as "forgetful"?
Interview/Sentence/Yo Watanabe
A drug for dementia that has been frustrated by major pharmaceutical companies and university hospitals challenging research and development.
However, the relationship between dementia and lifestyle has been elucidated, and it has become clear that there is a possibility of being extremely mild and able to be left to forget.
We interviewed Professor Shunsuke Otsuki, Stroke Center, Kinki University Hospital.
Dementia will not disappear
――― There are long-awaited drugs for preventing or treating dementia. What is the current situation?
From mild to severe Otsuki, everyone can become demented with increasing age.
However, it is thought that it will take more than 20 years before a new drug for dementia is developed.
The drug donepezil, which is often used in Japan, is already out of insurance coverage in some overseas countries, and we cannot expect a remarkable cure effect.
On the other hand, while deaths from infectious diseases and accidents have decreased, and cancer deaths have also decreased due to remarkable progress in the treatment of anti-cancer drugs, etc., people have become able to live longer.
Therefore, it is true that the number of patients with dementia is increasing.
It is not something that can be solved by the person alone or his/her family, but it is necessary to create an environment in which the entire society can live in peace in the community.
How to keep things "forget"
―――Is there a person who is prone to dementia and a person who is not prone to dementia?
Even if Otsuki dementia is unavoidable, there is a possibility that the symptoms will be suppressed as much as possible, and the symptoms will be "forgotten."
Dementia is considered as one of the lifestyle-related diseases and tends to those who are prone to.
First, people with metabolic syndrome are prone to dementia.
Dementia is considered as a lifestyle-related disease.
It is a combination of obesity, hypertension, diabetes and hypercholesterolemia.
The presence or absence of economic power also affects.
For example, in some parts of the United States, food tickets are distributed to the poor, but food items that can be obtained with food tickets are frozen hamburgers, pizzas, and chicken that can be stored.
Neither gas nor electricity can be used, and it can be used by people who live in an environment where they cannot cook in the first place.
Then, you end up with a diet that is low in vegetables and protein, leading to a lifestyle that is biased toward lipids and sugars.
Eventually, he becomes poverty but becomes obese, and all he has to do is watch TV, and he will be incapacitated.
A similar situation can occur in Japan.
In addition, people who do not think about things and who do not work tend to have dementia.
In other words, in order to prevent dementia, you need to read books and think about things that do not become metabolic syndrome.
Sightseeing in Okayama and special products in Osaka PR Binchu Marche Makido VR also appeared: Sanyo Shimbun Digital |
The "Okayama Sunny Country Bicchu Marche" (sponsored by the Prefectural Bicchu Prefectural Citizen's Office), which promotes sightseeing spots and special products in the Bicchu area, started on the 27th at the plaza of JR Osaka Station.
Earlier this month, Niimi City, which was hit by localized heavy rainfall, set up a VR (Virtual Reality) experience corner in Manki-dong to promote the appeal to people in the Kansai area.
Kurashiki, Kasaoka, Ihara, Soja, Niimi, Asakuchi and Yakage participate.
There are corners such as making a fan using masking tape (Kurashiki City), making a denim key chain (Ihara City), and making a kaleidoscope named after the observatory telescope (Asakuchi City), and station users stopped by.
In the VR experience of Makido, visitors used the special goggles to simulate a walk in the cave.
A woman (52) in Itami City, Hyogo Prefecture said, "If you look to the left, you can see the scenery on the left and the right on the right. I said.
Osamu Kigen, remorse for blame Takanofuji's younger brother, deviating guidance | Shizuoka Shimbun at S
Takaji Tokunomoto, the twin brother of Takanori Jyuji, who was encouraged to voluntarily retire from the Japan Sumo Association due to assault on a wrestler who wrestled with a grand sumo, on the 28th, punished him for acting outside the scope of instruction. "I will take it firmly. I will start from a minus, not zero from the place I come," he said in a reflection.
I interviewed at the Ryogoku Kokugikan in Tokyo, where I participated in flower sumo.
Takanofuji held a press conference on the 27th, hoping to continue the active career.
After knowing the press conference, Genji Kimoto advised that it "should stop," but after that he was unable to contact him.
"I grew up in the same environment, but my brother and I have different ideas," he said.
Jaguar F-PACE, first major improvement... possibility of hybridization (Response)-Yahoo! News
The camera caught the first new Jaguar crossover SUV, "F-PACE" improved new prototype in Southern Europe.
The F-PACE is based on the 4-seater concept SUV "C-X17" that was first released in 2013.
In 2014, the 5-seater version was released, and officially debuted as "F-PACE" at the 2015 Frankfurt Motor Show.
The following year, the first current model was released in 2016, and this is the first facelift.
The captured prototype is covered with thick camouflage, but part of the new design can be seen.
The headlights are more compact and thinner, and the side air intakes have been modified to a sporty oval shape.
The grill has been completely disguised, but will definitely be redesigned.
At the rear end, you can see a part of the revamped taillight, which has an elongated reverse light at the top.
It is possible that the design that wraps around to the side like the current model has been modified compactly.
Inside the cabin, the company's "Pivi Pro" touchscreen infotainment system is expected to be installed, and new digital clusters, HVAC control screens, steering wheels, gear selectors, etc. will be refreshed.
The powertrain is expected to be a 2.0-liter in-line 4-cylinder turbo diesel, as well as a hybridized 3.0-liter in-line 6-cylinder Ingenium.
The world premiere is likely to be within 2020.
Sales surged due to nuclear power related construction company providing 300 million yen to former assistant director | Shizuoka Shimbun at S
Kansai Electric Power Co., Ltd. = Osaka City (from Kyodo News helicopter)
Mr. Makoto Yagi (69) of Kansai Electric Power Co., Inc. (69) told Mr. Moriyama that he had received a gift from Mr. Eiji Moriyama, a former assistant of Takahama Town in Fukui Prefecture where the Kanden Takahama Nuclear Power Plant is located (died at the age of 90 in March of this year). It was revealed that a local construction company, which provided about 300 million yen, had significantly increased sales in the last few years due to an order for nuclear power related construction work.
The construction company is "Yoshida Development" established in 1981.
According to a credit research company, sales in the year ended August 2013 were 350 million yen, but exceeded 1 billion yen in the year ended August 2015 and exceeded 2.1 billion yen in the year ended August 2018. ..
Most of the work was related to the KEPCO nuclear power plant related work.
Arriving in Kagoshima City, "I will kill you" Arresting a man on suspicion of intimidation (KTS Kagoshima TV)-Yahoo! News
On the 24th of this month, a 33-year-old unemployed man was arrested on the national highway of Kagoshima City on the suspicion of threatening that he would "kill" the man who was driving while he persistently chased the vehicle. ..
Mr. Masaru Miyahara (33), an unemployed person at 4-Karaminato, Kagoshima City, was arrested on suspicion of intimidation.
According to the police, Miyahara suspected that he would threaten the man, saying, "I'll kill you" at an intersection, such as when a 24-year-old man was persistently chasing a vehicle on a national highway past midnight on the 24th of this month. It is
On the 25th, the man filed a damage report and the police were proceeding with the investigation, but on the afternoon of the 26th, Suspect Miyahara said, "I was scared because the video of the driving was picked up on TV and SNS and was scared." Was reported to the police station and was arrested.
Miyahara is admitting that he is accused of the motive and says he was "quickly braked."
The police are investigating the suspect Miyahara as having suspected he was driving without a license.
NEWS-Keiichiro Koyama's daily meal content is now available!
&lt;TOKYO MX "Keiichiro Koyama's BORDER 30 of the healthy person"&gt; (The Television)-Yahoo! News
On Friday, September 27, the 3rd episode of the new health promotion variety "BORDER 30 of Keiichiro Koyama's healthy people-a branch road to health guided by specialists-" (TOKYO MX) will be broadcasted by Keiichiro Koyama of NEWS.
Comments also arrived from Oyama who finished recording.
[View image]
How to spend your thirties is important to stay healthy in the future... Keiichiro Koyama learns about health!
This program is a "health program for young people" in which Koyama, who started to be concerned about his own health at the age of 35, learns what he wants to know about his health.
Specialists from various fields will appear on the program to answer questions from Koyama and guests.
The theme this time is "vitamins".
We welcome Naoko Nozawa and Diana Extravaganza as guests to learn about the types of vitamins and their respective functions.
There is also a plan that Oyama, who is always careful about his health, will disclose his daily meal contents to see if he has enough vitamins.
After finishing this recording, Koyama says, "I think many people do not know how vitamins are related to their health, and it is not good to take only specific vitamins. , I want this program to eliminate the misunderstandings I have about vitamins!"
Nagai, elementary school student, with the help of Mr. Onsarigo, acted as a pacemaker on land, and three people updated the tournament record | Yamagata Shimbun
Children who run hard with 800 meters of girls.
The left is pacemaker Joseph Onsarigo = Nagai City, Koyo Seiki athlete field Nagai
The Nagai City Elementary School Athletics Championship was held at Koyo Seiki athlete field Nagai (city athletics stadium) in the city on the 26th, and in some races, a long-distance runner belonging to Nasu Construction (city), Joseph Onsarigo (27) = A Kenyan native = served as a pacemaker.
With a light run, "set up" a new record for three people.
Ms. Onsarigo pulled the children in four races in total, 1000 meters for boys and 800 meters for girls.
Tomoya Koseki (6th grade Hirano), who is 1st in the boys, is 3 minutes 4 seconds 38, and Ran Shibama (1st grade Isazawa), who is 1st in the girls, is 2 minutes 34.17, 2 Rin Asano (6th grade, Nagai 6th) marked 2 minutes 35 seconds 73, each exceeding the tournament record.
Mr. Ozeki said, "I couldn't keep up with the fast Onsarigo player, but I could put up with it."
Onsarigo was pleased that the children were running well and I was able to do my perfect job.
The 39th competition was organized by the Nagai City Elementary School Physical Education Association and others to encourage the sixth graders in the city to deepen their fellowship.
Toshiyuki Nishida, jealous of heart Mela Mela Nakao dismissed as "different level" "I went to red and white three times" (Sports news)-Yahoo! News
Actors Hidetoshi Nishijima (48), Toshiyuki Nishida (71), Akira Nakao (77) and others on the 27th at the opening day of the movie "Nyogakuen" (Directed by Toshi Konno, directed by Hisashi Kimura) at Tokyo-TOHO Cinemas Shinjuku. went.
A comedy humane comedy with a unique and strong cast.
Nishida not only appeared, but also performed an arranged version of "Until Another Day" as an insertion song with the Tokyo Ska Paradise Orchestra.
Nakao said, "What I was most disappointed with when watching the movie was that Nishida was singing," said Jealousy Mela Mela.
As Nishida is proud of, "I have appeared in the past "Kohaku" three times. If possible, I would rather call him a singer rather than an actor. (The level is different from Nakao)."
He promised to perform a live song, saying, "If the movie continues to be fully packed, then."
State-of-the-art art that invites you to a different world Okayama art exchange opens in the city center: Sanyo Shimbun Digital |
People around the classroom that became the stage for a video work depicting the future 3,000 years later = Former Uchiyamashita Elementary School
An international art exhibition “Okayama Arts Exchange 2019” (sponsored by the executive committee created by cities, prefectures, etc.), which is held every three years in the center of Okayama City, opened on the 27th.
Along with the mysterious title "IF THE SNAKE if it's a snake," art fans in Japan and overseas enjoy the cutting-edge art created by 18 groups of artists from nine countries.
This is the second time since 2016, this time with the French artist Pierre Huig as the artistic director, he develops works that make use of the climate and local resources of Okayama.
Approximately 40 works including images and three-dimensional works will be shown at 13 places, including the former Uchiyama Shita Elementary School (Marunouchi, Kita-ku, Okayama City) and the Tenjinyama Culture Plaza (Tenjinjin Town).
Prior to the opening, there was an opening ceremony at the same elementary school, with about 100 people involved.
Mr. Masao Omori, Chairman of the Executive Committee, and Yasuharu Ishikawa General Producer, greeted, "There were works that stimulated intellectual sensibilities, stimulated imagination and creativity. If the exhibition attracted attention from the world," he said. I cut the tape.
Immediately visiting families and children studying outside the school, they gazed at snake-shaped robots that bend their bodies in the ring of the schoolyard in response to the surrounding sounds, and turned into the stage of a video work that depicts the world 3000 years later. Go around the school building.
I was enjoying the art that brought me to another world.
A high school first-year student (15) in Tokyo, who is traveling with his father, said, "The works that make use of the atmosphere of the old school building are interesting.
Closed Mondays (next day if a national holiday) until November 24th.
Hong Kong, Umbrella Campaign 5 years gathering tens of thousands of people, aiming for general election | Shizuoka Shimbun at S
Five years after the "Umbrella Movement", people gathered at the meeting venue = 28th, Hong Kong (joint)
[Hong Kong joint] Admiralty (Kim Bell) Hong Kong Government Headquarters had the largest base of demonstrators on the 28th of five years after the large-scale demonstration "Umbrella Movement" in 2014 that called for democratization of the election of the Hong Kong administration secretary. A tens of thousands gathering was held in a park near the government building.
Around the venue, some young people occupied the main road and threw a flame bottle at the government building.
As the protests based on the revision of the "Fugitive Ordinance" continued, participants renewed their determination to fight for the "true ordinary election" that was unattainable at the time.
The protests that began in earnest in June were 112 days, which was longer than 79 days of the umbrella movement, and the demands of the protesters expanded to "the five major demands" such as the election system reform.
Ibaraki National Athletic Meet Open today 28th | Sports | Saga Shimbun News | Saga Shimbun LiVE
The 74th National Athletic Meet "Ikiiki Ibaraki Yume Kokutai 2019" will be held on the 28th at the Kasamatsu Athletic Park Athletic Stadium in Hitachinaka City, Ibaraki Prefecture.
The Saga group will compete in 33 competitions excluding the pre-session period, with about 400 players and managers participating, and with the pride of their hometown, they will challenge the powerful nationwide.
The prefectural population had been sluggish at 43rd place for three consecutive years until last year, but last year it rose to 33rd place.
The national sports competition to be held in the prefecture in 2023 is being strengthened, and this year it aims to be in the low 20s.
In the pre-event competition held until the 16th, rhythmic gymnastics boys and girls Saga High School Girls, and gymnastics girls and boys and girls all gained 6th place and gained momentum.
I want to go to the upper ranks by following the flow in each competition.
At the general opening ceremony, the prefectural group had a total of 83 athletes, managers, and headquarter officers march into the 40th entry march, and Rugby boy boy Sora Satoru Ishikawa (Saga Tech) served as the flag bearer.
On the first day, three competitions will be held: wrestling, table tennis and karate.
