Suzuki Nana, ranked second in the "Hate Women Ranking", confesses to episodes such as "Too rude body touch" (The Television) - Yahoo! News
On Monday, September 30th, Suzuki Nana took the stage as "Kajiri Sensei" on "Kajiri Sensei Don't be like me!!" (every Monday midnight 0: 20-0: 50, TV Asahi series).
The show will show an episode of the studio abuzz.
[View photo] The whole studio is pulling out?
Suzuki Nana Demonstrates "Too rude Body Touch"
In addition, from 0: 50 a.m., immediately after the terrestrial broadcast, the full version of the class and the comedy research club will be broadcast on AbemaTV's "Abema Video".
In this broadcast, Suzuki appears as "a teacher who was hated by the world without knowing if he was doing his best" and gives a class.
Suzuki made her modeling debut in a gal magazine in 2007 at the age of 18.
Since his first appearance on a TV show in 2011, he has been active in a lively variety of events with his high-tension talks and overreactions.
This year, in the first year of the Reiwa era, Suzuki won first place in the "Variety and Other Division" of the "Hate Women Ranking" published in a weekly magazine.
In addition, he was selected as the second place in the entertainment industry as a whole.
As a result, Suzuki reveals that his mother was shocked and his husband was bullied at work, causing trouble to his family.
In the class, we will look back on Suzuki's progress as a talent, as well as how he came to the top of the "hated women ranking".
It is said that Suzuki's excessive talk and reaction was based on a word from a senior entertainer.
In addition to his reaction, Suzuki continued to escalate his extremity with "full body touch" and "full body story".
In the past, Suzuki demonstrated his body touch to a big co-star, but the whole studio was shocked by his rudeness.
Immediately after the terrestrial broadcast, the full version of the class and the comedy research club were broadcast.
Suzuki's "private secret story with her husband", which she had revealed in order to liven up the scene, is also revealed in a bluntly revealing episode of laughter from her time as a gal (gal circle).
Setouchi City adds its own "electronic gift certificate" to the return gift with home tax: Sanyo Newspaper Digital | San-digital
Electronic gift certificate "e-town gift".
i'll contact you with a dedicated device to pay for it.
Setouchi City announced on the 27th that it will add its own electronic gift certificate "e-town gift" to the return gift from its hometown tax payment.
It will be available at merchants in the city from November.
This is the first time a local government has been established in the prefecture.
If you pay taxes to your hometown and choose an electronic gift certificate as a return gift, 30% of the donation will be sent to the designated smartphone.
When purchasing a product, the screen of the gift certificate is shown, and the store contacts the stamp type special device to pay.
It cannot be transferred or resold.
The return gift usually takes a certain amount of time from application to arrival, but the electronic gift certificate can be received instantaneously.
Tourists can easily use it.
In addition to the five Furusato Taxation Portal sites, two special websites in the city are also accepted.
There are currently 13 merchants, with the aim of reaching 100 by the end of this fiscal year.
In June, the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications (MIC) established a new system to regulate local products, with the amount of return gifts procured at less than 30% of the amount donated, in an attempt to prevent excessive competition between local governments.
The city said, "We plan to have merchants that handle local products as merchants, which is within the guidelines."
Setouchi City's hometown tax amount for 2018 is about 430 million yen.
Japan fail to advance to men's 100 final on the second day of world track and field | Shizuoka Newspaper @ S
Sanibran Hakeem (left) starts the men's 100 meters semifinals.
Failure to make it to the final = Doha (joint)
Kiryu Yoshihide (left) scored the men's 100 meter semifinal goal.
Doha: The second day of the track and field world championship was held in Doha on the 28th, and Sani Brown Hakeem (University of Florida), Koike Yuki (Sumitomo Electric Works) and Kiryu Yoshihide (Nippon Seimei) were the first Japanese team to reach the final in the men's 100 meters semifinals.
Japanese record holder Sani Brown finished fifth in one group at 10.15 seconds, Koike finished seventh in two groups at 10.28 seconds, and Kiryu finished sixth in three groups at 10.16 seconds.
In the men's 400-meter handicap semifinals, Abe Takashun (Yamada Denki) of the three groups finished third in 48.97 seconds, and Toyota Masaki (Hodai) of the two groups finished eighth in 50.30 seconds, both of which missed out on reaching the final.
Driving in high heels is dangerous!
Accidents of young people stepping on the wrong pedal occur frequently (Auto Messe Web) - Yahoo! News
Violations that violate the Road Traffic Act
There has been an increase in reports of accidents caused by misoperation, such as stepping on a pedal, attracting attention, but it is a big mistake to think that this is a problem only for elderly drivers.
According to 2015 National Police Agency data, the most common number of accidents occurred in 1080 cases under the age of 24, surpassing 1032 cases over the age of 75.
It is not common for the elderly to make mistakes, and it is important to call attention to young people in the same way.
Do you take the fashion of your feet?
Do you take safety?
Although there is no description of the gender ratio or cause in this data, unlike the elderly, who are often thought to be due to physical decline such as driving skills and reflexes, young people may make careless mistakes due to being distracted by other things such as music and conversation, or make mistakes due to clothing.
In particular, women choose a variety of shoes depending on their clothes, such as high heels, pumps, sandals and mules, and some people drive as they are.
Some people know that it is not suitable for driving, but it is troublesome to change clothes, but many people drive without any bad feeling without thinking about the possibility that it will lead to danger.
However, driving in high heels and sandals is a violation of the Road Traffic Act.
The first is Article 70, "Violation of Safe Driving Obligations," which stipulates that "the steering wheel, brake and other operations must be operated reliably" and "the driver must not drive in a way that causes an accident and causes harm to others."
The other is Article 71, "Violation of Public Safety Commission compliance matters," which stipulates that the driver must comply with the matters set out by each prefectural public safety committee. For example, Article 12 of the Miyazaki Prefecture Road Traffic Law Enforcement Regulations states, "Do not drive a vehicle (except for light vehicles) by wearing geta, slippers, tsukkake, high heels or other footwear that may interfere with driving operation, or by wearing footwear in a way that interferes with driving operation."
The purpose of each prefecture is the same, even if it does not clearly state high heels, to consider driving with "footwear that may interfere with the operation" as a violation.
So why is driving in high heels so dangerous?
This is obvious when you consider the basics of safe pedal operation.
For safe and reliable pedal operation, the heel of the foot is first fixed to the floor, the foot is placed perpendicular to the brake pedal, and when stepping on the accelerator pedal, the tip of the foot is tilted to the right using it as a fulcrum.
At this time, regardless of the behavior of the car, it is important to keep the heel firmly fixed so that it does not blur.
However, in high heels, the area where the heel is ground on the floor is small, so it always blurs, and because the whole foot is angled at the height of the heel, the area where the foot is ground on the pedal is also small, making it difficult to step firmly and make fine adjustments.
This is thought to lead to danger.
In addition, most cars have floor carpets, but this material makes it easy for the heel of the high heel to get caught, and when the heel suddenly breaks, the pedal can not be stepped on, or when the heel is caught, the high heel can be taken off and it can not be stepped on because it is stuck in the back of the pedal.
In addition, when stepping on the pedal and returning it, the heel got caught on the back of the pedal, and the accelerator pedal did not return.
Toyota and Subaru to become equity method affiliates Accelerate joint development of new AWD vehicles and next 86 / BRZ models (Response) - Yahoo! News
Toyota Motor Corporation and Subaru agreed on a new business capital alliance on September 27th.
Toyota will acquire additional Subaru shares and become an affiliate that applies the equity method.
Since the two companies agreed to a business alliance in 2005, they have been working on collaboration, including the contract production of Toyota vehicles by Subaru, the supply of vehicles from Toyota to Subaru, and the joint development of the FR sports cars "86" and "BRZ".
In June of this year, the company agreed to develop an EV-only platform and an EV vehicle that will utilize Subaru's AWD (all-wheel drive) technology and Toyota's electrification technology.
Under the business capital alliance agreed, Toyota will acquire additional Subaru shares.
Toyota currently holds 16.83% of Subaru's voting rights, but will acquire additional shares until they reach 20%.
Subaru will become an affiliate of Toyota's equity method.
On the other hand, Subaru will acquire Toyota shares equivalent to the amount required by Toyota to acquire Subaru shares (up to 80 billion yen).
The two companies will develop and strengthen their cooperative relationship through a business capital alliance.
The company will jointly develop the AWD model and the next 86 / BRZ model, expand the installation of THS (Toyota Hybrid System) in Subaru vehicles, cooperate in the connected field, and cooperate in the field of autonomous driving.
US to accept at least 18,000 refugees for third year in a row | Shizuoka Newspaper @ S
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department announced on the 26th that it plans to reduce the maximum number of refugees it accepts from all over the world to 18,000 in the 2020 fiscal year (October 2019 to September 2020).
This is the third year in a row that the minimum number has been updated since 1980, when the Refugee Act was enacted.
The Trump administration is aiming to appeal to conservatives for its strict immigration and refugee policies in the run-up to next year's presidential election.
With the constant number of people being forced out of the country in various places, it is inevitable that there will be criticism from human rights groups and others.
The former Obama administration set a cap of 11,000 people for fiscal 2017, but the Trump administration, which took office in January 2017, overruled this and reduced the number to 50,000.
The number of people has been decreasing year by year, from 45,000 in 2018 to 30,000 in 2019.
Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare (MHLW) confirms price increase or free of charge at unlicensed childcare facilities: Hokkaido Shimbun Doshin Online Edition
Prior to the provision of free early childhood education and childcare starting in October, the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare (MHLW) issued a written notice to prefectures and government ordinances across the country by the 28th to check for similar cases and provide guidance as necessary, saying that cases that appear to be price increases with state subsidies have been confirmed at unlicensed childcare facilities.
According to the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare (MHLW), several facilities have been confirmed to raise the usage fee only for children over the age of three who are eligible for subsidies, as well as to raise the price from October.
Complaints had also been made to the free call centre set up by the Cabinet Office.
The Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare (MHLW) has said, "There should be no price increase for no reason."
"D-8" Torch of the 100th National Sports Festival set ablaze on Dokdo Island = South Korea (JoongAng Daily Japanese version) - Yahoo! News
The torch to mark the 100th National Sports Festival (National Sports Festival) was set ablaze on Dokdo Island (Japanese name: Takeshima), the easternmost island in South Korea.
Seoul held a torch ignition event to commemorate the National Sports Festival at 6: 30 a.m. on the 26th at the helicopter landing site of the Dokdo Guard in Ulleung-gun, Gyeongsangbuk-do.
This is the first time in 15 years that the torch of the National Sports Festival has been ignited on Dokdo since the 85th National Sports Festival was held in Chungbuk in 2004.
Following a kite flying performance to pray for peace, Kim Seong-hwan, vice chairman of Seoul City Council, read out the declaration.
Vice Chairman Kim said, "I stood on Dokdo Island to remember the past 99 years of the National Sports Festival and to honor the will of the people to commit suicide," adding, "100 years ago, our people made a shining history of the March 1st movement and the establishment of the government of the Republic of Korea, and I would like to add 100 years of history of the National Sports Festival to that history."
Greetings from the head of Ulleunggun also continued.
Kim Byeong Soo, head of Ulleunggun, said, "Recently, Japan has been tightening its economy for no reason and claiming Dokdo is its own territory," emphasizing that "all the people should come together and overcome this through this National Sports Festival."
Vice Chairman Kim and the head of Kim County both set the torch on fire.
The torch was handed over to the first runners, Dokdo Security Captain Ho Won-seok and Oh Joseph, through the hands of Seoul Sports Promotion Manager Cho Seong-ho, the leader of the torch underwriting team.
The Dokdo Torch ignition event was scheduled for the 21st, but was postponed to this day due to the northward movement of Typhoon No. 17.
Captain Ho Won-seok, who has been working on Dokdo since January of this year, said, "It's lonely and hard, but I work with pride that no one can protect our territory," and said, "It's an honor to be able to participate as a runner in the torch relay on the 100th anniversary of the sports tournament on Dokdo."
Captain Ho took over from the helicopter landing site to the middle of Dokdo Island, and O took over from the middle point to the landing site.
The torch will be moved to Ulleungdo and then to Seoul on the Kannondo Rendo Bridge, where Kim Seong-ho, a resident of Ulleungdo County, and Kim Seong-ho, head of Kim County, will relay to Seoul.
The torch began on the 22nd at Cham Seong Dang on Ganghwa Island.
As this is the 100th time the torch relay has been held, the torch relay will also be the largest in history.
The torch from the Manisan trench will go around Incheon, Koyan and Suwon.
The torch on Ganghwa Island, along with special ignitions held at Imjingak, Malad and Dokdo, will be combined at Seoul Square on the 29th of this month, and then set ablaze as a single fireworks display.
On the other hand, Seoul Mayor Park Won-sun explained through a media briefing on the 25th that "now is an era where collective intelligence is important, not a few heroes" and "for that reason, the basic concept of the National Sports Festival has been decided to be" many stars "."
South Korea and Bulgaria summit to discuss measures to expand cooperation in nuclear power and defense industries (Yonhap News) - Yahoo! News
SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korean President Moon Jae-in met with Bulgarian Prime Minister Borisov, who is on an official visit to South Korea, at Cheongwadae (presidential office) on the 27th to discuss measures to expand substantial cooperation between the two countries.
This is the first visit by a Bulgarian prime minister to South Korea.
President Moon welcomed his visit to South Korea ahead of the 30th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations next year, and highly praised Prime Minister Borisov's leadership in leading the development of Bulgaria.
The two leaders appreciated the continued increase in trade and investment between the two countries even as protectionism expanded worldwide, and agreed that they would continue to work together to expand economic cooperation in the future.
President Moon welcomed Bulgaria's policy of granting "strategic investor" status to Korean companies, and said he hoped this would encourage Korean companies to invest in Bulgaria.
He also stressed that South Korea can be the best partner for Bulgaria as Bulgaria promotes the introduction of nuclear power plants and the modernization of its national defense, and called for interest and cooperation so that Korean companies can participate in the Bulgarian government's order for nuclear power plants and the promotion of the defense industry.
In addition, the two leaders agreed to strengthen future-oriented cooperation in the fields of batteries and automotive parts for electric vehicles (EVs) and renewable energy.
Prime Minister Borisov hoped that close cooperation would also be carried out in the fields of information and communication technology (IT), science and technology, and education, which South Korea is leading.
The peace process on the Korean Peninsula was also discussed, and President Moon expressed his gratitude for Bulgaria's support for the South Korean government's efforts to establish peace on the Korean Peninsula, including issuing a statement in support of the summit between North and South Korea, the United States and North Korea.
Prime Minister Borisov appreciated President Moon's will and the efforts of the South Korean government to build a peace system on the Korean Peninsula, and once again expressed his firm support for the Bulgarian government.
The meeting was attended by Song Yun-mo, Secretary of the Ministry of Industry, Trade and Energy, Lee Ho-sun, Chief Secretary of the Economic Affairs of the President's Office, and Kim Hyung-jong, Deputy Director of the National Security Office.
On behalf of Kang Kyung-hwa, head of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, who is visiting the United States, Cho See-young, the first undersecretary of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, was also present.
Kinki Ceramics Co., Ltd., a local industry in Awaji Island, Hyogo, filed for quasi-bankruptcy and filed for 2 billion yen in debt (Teikoku Databank) - Yahoo! News
The slump in the housing market and repeated damage caused by the earthquake also affected "consumers moving away from tiled roofs"
Kindai Ceramics Co., Ltd. (TDB company code: 530173983, capital: 99.2 million yen, 881-8 Otani, Awaji City, Hyogo Prefecture, representative: Fukuhara Kozo, 44 employees) filed for quasi-bankruptcy with the Kobe District Court on August 30th.
The application agent is Daichi Yoshida (1-10-8 Nishitenma, Kita-ku, Osaka-shi, Osaka, Daichi Yoshida Law Firm, 06-6365-6038) and one other person.
The company was founded in June 1895 and reorganized in April 1961 as a tile manufacturer.
At first, he started his business as an Ibushi tile manufacturer, a local industry on Awaji Island, in Seidan-cho, Mihara-gun (now Minami-Awaji City) under the trade name of Kinki Ceramics Co., Ltd.
In October 1986, the company absorbed Kyowa Ceramics Co., Ltd., took over the business of Kinki Sangyo Co., Ltd., and moved its head office to its current location after changing its current trade name.
After that, sales offices were established in Fukuyama, Hiroshima, Oita and Miyazaki, and the current system was established. In the past, Ibushi tiles were mainly used, but due to changes in consumer needs, Western tiles such as flat tiles are now produced at 70% and Japanese tiles such as Ibushi tiles are produced at 30%.
The company has built a wide range of sales bases, mainly in western Japan, including major house manufacturers, building materials trading companies, and roof construction companies, and recorded annual sales of approximately 3.16 billion yen for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004.
It was well known as the top tile manufacturer on Awaji Island.
However, during this period, the housing market has been sluggish since the Lehman Shock, as well as consumers moving away from tiled roofs due to repeated damage such as the Great East Japan Earthquake and the Kumamoto Earthquake, and demand has been sluggish, and annual sales for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 have fallen to about 1.345 billion yen.
On the profit side, in addition to a decline in profit margins due to a surge in fuel prices, the company was forced to face a series of losses due to excessive interest-bearing debt due to inventory burdens and capital investment, forcing it to face severe financial conditions.
For this reason, they were trying to rebuild their business by asking financial institutions to relax the conditions for repayment of their debts, but there were no signs of recovery in their business conditions, and their financial position was gradually tight.
When I came here, I couldn't support them, so I gave up continuing my business, and this measure was taken.
The debt is currently under investigation, but is expected to be about 2 billion yen.
The Prefectural Dinosaur Museum in Katsuyama, Fukui Prefecture, which is promoting the "industrialization of tourism" (Japanese aerial photography, taken with a small drone)
Katsuyama City, Fukui Prefecture, announced on September 25th that it will acquire 25,300 square meters of land (Aratsuchi-cho, Fukui Prefecture) adjacent to the construction site of Dinosaur Valley Katsuyama, a roadside station that will open next spring.
In order to accelerate the "industrialization of tourism" advocated by the city and the local business community, the city aims to attract hotels and restaurants that specialize in accommodation.
On the same day, the board members explained at the City Council's Special Committee on the Development of Attractive Base.
In addition to the opening of the Hokuriku Shinkansen line in the spring of 2023, the entire prefectural section of the Chubu Longitudinal Expressway will be opened, and the Prefectural Dinosaur Museum (Katsuyama) will be expanded and renovated, and the city hopes to promote the shift from a day trip center to a stay-type sightseeing area, focusing on accommodation facilities.
The land will be a private idle land next to the east of the Michi No Eki construction site.
Surrounded by the Kuzuryu River, Takinami River and prefectural roads, it is more than twice the size of Michi No Eki (12,000 square meters).
Under the pretext of developing an industrial complex, the City Land Development Corporation will begin land negotiations this fiscal year, and after acquiring land, land will be built in the 21st fiscal year.
According to the city, private businesses such as farmhouse restaurants and harvest experience facilities, fast food and restaurants have already approached the company to enter the market.
As for accommodation facilities, Sekisui House has also announced that it is making a name for itself as a city in order to attract hotels that specialize in accommodation adjacent to Michi No Eki, which is planned around the country.
Sekisui House plans to expand to three locations in Fukui Prefecture, but several other cities and towns have indicated their intention to attract them, and there is a possibility that they will compete.
In addition, the city is planning to build a parking lot.
Members of the committee called for speed up, saying, "The maintenance schedule is slow," and others said, "I hope there is no land that falls asleep (unsold)."
Deputy Mayor Mizukami Saneyo described it as an "industrial complex with the theme of tourism" and expressed his intention to do his best to attract hotels and other facilities, saying, "We would like to promote Katsuyama's superiority by bringing the Prefectural Dinosaur Museum and Ski Jam Katsuyama to the fore."
On the seventh day of the autumn Hokushinetsu district high school baseball tournament in Fukui Prefecture, two semifinals will be played at Fukui Prefectural Stadium on September 28th.
It is an important game where if you win, you will get a ticket to the Hokushinetsu tournament.
Tsuruga Kehi, the only one left at Seed School, met Hokuriku.
Tsuruga, who won a close match against Fukui Commercial in the quarter-finals, will clash with Hamizu, who is gaining momentum in this tournament.
Tsuruga Kehi, who will appear in the first game, has won all the cold games so far.
In the first round against Asuwa, the throwing was a bit of a struggle and he won comfortably.
In the second round against Takefu Kogyo, Kasashima Naoki, who played an active role at Koshien this summer, pitched 5 scoreless innings and struck out 9, showing his ace's perseverance.
He also had 15 hits in the quarter-finals against the Three Kingdoms, and is ready to take on Hokuriku.
[Team Introduction] Tsuruga Kehi - Koshien Battery Axis
On the other hand, Hokuriku is gaining momentum with each game.
In the first round, they faced Fujishima in the final round and ran away by one point.
In the second round, he overcame Mikata's chase and won by one point.
In the quarter-finals, his batting line exploded and he defeated Seed Sakai in the cold.
The throwing is starting to bite each other, and I would like to get a ticket for Hokushinetsu with this flow.
[Team Introduction] Hokuriku: Explosive batting line
Tsuruga, who will appear in the second game, has won the baseball game by protecting and winning the battery.
In the first round against Wakasa, the pitchers stepped on and won with the fewest points.
He also gave up two runs in the second round against Takefu.
In the quarter-finals, they had a close 10-9 match against seed Fukui Commercial, but they should have defeated the talented school and strengthened their confidence.
I want to win the Battle of Hamizu with a solid defense as my weapon.
[Team Introduction] Tsuruga: A chance to win the battery shaft
On the other hand, Hamizu defeated the seed Fukui Institute of Technology Fukui in the first round.
When he gained momentum, he won the game against Kanatsu with a single swing from the fourth batter from a difficult development.
The central axis batting line, which the manager also says is "destructive", is also attracting attention in the semifinals.
[Team Introduction] Hamizu: Destructive central axis batting line
Quarterfinals (September 28th)
Tsuruga Kehi - Hokuriku (10am)
Tsuruga - Hamizu (0: 30 pm)
Canoe, Japanese team miss semifinals Paid article
Taekwondo, Matsui Takashi is second place Paid article
BITPoint to resume service after 3 billion yen worth of cryptographic assets leaked (Gentosha Gold Online) - Yahoo! News
In July of this year, BITPoint, a cryptographic asset exchange, illegally leaked 3 billion yen worth of bitcoins (BTC) and other assets.
Bitpoint Japan Co., Ltd., the operator of the service, announced on September 30th that it will resume its cryptographic asset sending (remittance) service.
A certain amount of progress seems to have been made, including measures to prevent a recurrence.
BITPoint leaked bitcoins and ripples in July of this year
Bitpoint Japan Co., Ltd., which operates the cryptographic asset exchange BITPoint, announced on the 27th that it plans to resume its cryptographic asset sending (remittance) service around 14: 00 on Monday, September 30th.
In addition to dealing with customers affected by the disaster and interacting with the Financial Services Agency, a certain amount of prospect seems to have been made, including measures to prevent a recurrence, such as a business management system that includes security.
Bitpoint Japan said, "While putting safety first, we will resume the service as soon as possible and try to restore the trust of our users."
In July of this year, there was an illegal outflow of 3 billion yen worth of cryptographic assets such as bitcoins (BTC) and Ripple (XRP) on the exchange.
At a subsequent press conference, he mentioned that the business would survive, saying, "Even if the compensation is deducted, there will be a balance of cash and deposits of about 3 billion yen," and "We aim to resume the service as soon as possible on the premise that the protection of users is the top priority."
This article was published on CoinPost on September 27th, 2019.
"Messi II" signed with the ninth club of his career born in Israel (SPORT. es) - Yahoo! News
Guy Aslin, who joined Barça at the age of 12, was once known as "Messi II" for his often great play and style.
Time has passed and Guy Aslin, now 28, is joining a new team that will be the ninth club in his professional career.
the pearl of the cantera buried in talent.
At a time when Ans Fati is attracting the attention of the people around him, there are many falls in football, and there is a very effective example for warning that "there is no need to rush".
Aslin, who had extraordinary skills but had been abandoned by the luck required to achieve success, signed a two-year contract with Romanian First Division player Poly Iasi.
The team, in blue and white, is currently in fifth place in the league.
Guy Aslin made his top Barça debut in the 2009 / 10 Copa del Rey match against Courtulal Leonesa at the young age of 18 and six months.
However, at the end of the season, he terminated his contract with Barça, from which Aslin's long journey began.
He never played for the same team for more than two seasons.
Manchester City, Brighton and Hove Albion (on loan from City), Racing Santander, Elkles, Majorca, Hapoel Tel Aviv, Sabadel, Kailat Almaty and now Poly Iasi are the new clubs that have given the Israeli midfielder the opportunity to start his career again.
Famisapo to strengthen safety measures independently 35% of local governments, free of charge for children | Shizuoka Newspaper @ S
The bereaved families of the childcare accident (right) hold a press conference on the results of the Family Support Center project on the afternoon of the 27th, Osaka Prefectural Government Office
A private survey on the 27th found that 35% of the cities, wards, towns and villages that implement the "Family Support Center Project" (Famisapo), in which the government connects parents who want to temporarily leave their children with aid members who keep them in their private homes, have independently strengthened safety measures.
Ahead of being eligible for free early childhood education and childcare from October, bereaved families of childcare accidents have complained that the government should set strict standards.
The Network for the Elimination of Serious Childcare Accidents, a group of parents and experts who have lost their children in accidents during nursery school, conducted a survey of 921 local governments.
There were responses from 274 local governments.
The government's implementation guidelines only require aid members to take emergency life-saving courses.
Darvish summarizes this season "It's a good step in my life so far" (East Spo Web) - Yahoo! News
[From St. Louis, Missouri on the 27th (28th Japan time)]
Cubs pitcher Darvish Yu (33), who has finished pitching this season after his chances of playing in the playoffs have disappeared, said in an interview, "I haven't done anything for about two days. It's boring to watch baseball (from the bench) with no purpose."
This season, he started 31 games, won 6, lost 8, and had a 3.98 defense, but he threw 2 / 3 of 178 innings and struck out 229.
Especially in the second half of the game, his pitching form was stable and he continued to play the opposing batter with his outstanding control and overwhelming ball power.
"Now is definitely a good step in my life. I never thought I would feel like that at the age of 33. Spring was also a fulfilling season, thinking," This is how I'm going to end up, "but I feel like I can't believe I came back from there and got to a better position."
Since the beginning of June, I have gradually gained a response.
"More and more things I can do every day, more and more things I can do one day."
Although there was trial and error, he was able to improve his condition dramatically by challenging his own hypotheses one after another, and his results improved along with that.
"I was thrown out of the injury list all year round," he said, adding to his confidence.
Darvish, who has the right to opt out of his contract at the end of this season, says, "I have to think about it from now on. I'm going to talk to my agent and my family," but says, "Basically, I don't have any complaints about this team, it's fun."
No final conclusion has been reached, but his feelings seem to be solidified.
Yonezawa Ren moves up to second place by one stroke Kanaya Takumi 12th place / Asian Amateur (Golf Digest Online (GDO)) - Yahoo! News
Shibuno Hyugako got a cow.
Blake Windred (Australia), who came out of the lead alone, played 71 with 5 birdies and 4 bogeys.
He held that position with a total of 10 under.
Yonezawa Ren (2nd year student at Tohoku Fukushi University) and Lee Joon-min (South Korea), who hit 67 with 6 birdies and 1 bogey, took second place, one stroke behind.
For the other Japanese team, Katsuragawa Manto (3rd year student at Nihon University), who came out of 9th place, played in "70" and moved up to 5th place.
Kanaya Takumi (3rd year student at Tohoku Fukushi University) and Nakajima Keita (1st year student at Nippon Sport Science University), who are ranked first in the amateur world, are 3 under 12.
Yoshiwara Eishun (University of California, Los Angeles) is 2 under 16.
Aoshima Kengo (Wake Forest University) qualified hard with a 9-over 59th place.
< Results of the Japanese team on the second day > 2T / -9 / Yonezawa Ren 5T / -5 / Katsuragawa Manned 12T / -3 / Kanaya Takumi, Nakajima Keita 16T / -2 / Yoshiwara Eishun 59T / + 9 / Aoshima Kengo
< Saga Torrential Rain and Support Circle > The management cooperative acting at the evacuation center of the famous noodle "Taromen" to cheer up the victims | Town Topics | Saga Shimbun News | Saga Shimbun Live
Children enjoying Omachi's soul food "Taromen" on their way home from the bath = Omachi General Welfare Center Misato
On the evening of the 25th, the Omachi Taromen Steering Council (representative: Suzuyama Kensuke), which is made at a shop serving Omachi's famous noodle "Taromen", served "Taromen" at the town's general welfare center Misato, which is an evacuation center for victims of heavy rain.
It is a soul food that has been loved since the Kishima coal mine was located, and it has energized the people affected by the disaster.
"The only thing we can do is make taromen and have them eat it," he said.
Four restaurants with taromen on the menu worked together to make 90 meals and bring them to evacuation centers with rice balls.
Thin udon noodles are added to the ginger beef bone soup, and plenty of ingredients such as pork head meat, shrimp and vegetables are served.
It provided a "taste of Omachi" not only to those living in evacuation centers, but also to those who came to the baths set up by the Self-Defense Force.
A man (66) who says, "I've been a fan since I was young, but this is the first time I've eaten it in a year. I remember the old days," as well as siblings aged 20 and 22 who moved in about a year ago and said, "I ate it for the first time. It's delicious. I want to go to the restaurant this time."
Vice President Fujise Kenichiro, who had finished cooking, also rushed to the restaurant and said, "We will cooperate if there is anything we can do so that we can get back to our daily lives as soon as possible."
< One year after the Iburi Eastern Earthquake > Condominiums in Hakodate to secure water even in the event of a power outage "watering plugs" directly connected to water pipes are being installed: Hokkaido Shimbun Doshin Online Edition
Countermeasures are underway at condominiums in Hakodate, where water was cut off due to a blackout caused by an earthquake in the eastern part of Iburi last September.
According to the Water and Sewerage Department of the City Enterprise Bureau, in the year since the earthquake, seven condominiums have installed "watering plugs" that can provide water in the event of a power outage.
There are about 400 condominiums and private communal houses in the city with four stories or more that are supplied in a "water tank type" that could be cut off in the event of a power outage, and the department has called for consideration of measures.
There are two types of water supply systems for houses: the "water tank type," in which water is stored in a water tank located underground or on the roof, and the "direct water supply type," in which water is directly supplied to each house from the city's water distribution pipe.
In the water tank type, even if the water pipe is not damaged, if the electric pump that pumps water from the water tank to each house stops working due to a power outage, it will not be able to supply water, and each house will be cut off.
Training to prepare for disaster (Aomori Prefecture) (Aomori Broadcasting Corporation) - Yahoo! News
A drill was held in Shingo Village to search and rescue people in distress ahead of the autumn mushroom picking season.
Sixty people from the police, fire department and hunting association participated in the drill held at Hirakozawa Forest Park in Shingo Village.
At the opening ceremony, Chief Tsukeda of the Gohe Police Station called for close cooperation and hard training.
Regional Manager Takahashi declared, "We are now starting mountain training and rescue training."
The training was carried out on the assumption that a man who went out to pick mushrooms would not return home even at night.
The participants were divided into three groups and searched the mountains, calling the names of the missing men.
In Shingo Village, a man in his 70s who went into the mountains to pick wild vegetables in June went missing and was rescued the next day with injuries.
During the training, they found an injured man and put him on a stretcher to go down the mountain, confirming the cooperation from search to rescue, and preparing for the autumn mushroom picking season, which is prone to distress.
Nishijima Hidetoshi at a drinking party with the "Ninkyo Gakuen" team?
First day of outstanding teamwork stage greetings (Movie Walker) - Yahoo! News
On September 27th, the first day of "Ninkyo Gakuen", a film adaptation of Konno Satoshi's popular novel "Ninkyo" series, was held at TOHO Cinemas Shinjuku, with Nishijima Hidetoshi, Nishida Toshiyuki, Ito Atsushi, Nakao Akira and Kimura Hisashi taking the stage.
As a special guest, Konno, the author of the original film, rushed to the film and said, "I love this film! Himura (played by Nishijima) is cool no matter which cut or scene you watch. As long as you are envious of it," and the performers showed a happy smile.
[View photo] Nishijima Hidetoshi's drinking party is revealed!
First day of "Ninkyo Gakuen" stage greetings
This is a poignant story in which the leader of the Akimoto-gumi, a yakuza who has no interest in contributing to society, undertakes the reconstruction of a high school on the verge of bankruptcy, and solves many difficult problems with his duty and humanity.
Nishida plays the leader of the group who is strong but can't hate somewhere, and Nishijima plays Himura, the number two member of the Akimoto group who is always swayed by his boss.
Nishijima said, "I've been nervous for a long time," and on the first day, he was impressed.
"Not only during the shooting period, but also after the shooting was over, these members were such a united team that they got together all the time and talked about a lot of things," he says.
Ito also laughed, saying, "There was a review meeting, just a drinking party where I didn't reflect on it at all," and revealed that he spent valuable time, saying, "I was able to make that kind of time, which was a plus for the field. My teamwork improved and my motivation increased. It continued regularly even after it was over, and I have many good memories."
The story about the drinking party also revealed Nishijima's unexpected face.
Nishijima confesses, "When I was having a review meeting with this member, I drank too much. I often don't remember about half of it."
Nishida said, "I don't know what it looks like to be in a mess," and was impressed, saying, "It looks like a mess, but were you drunk? I think it's a really good way to get drunk," which brought laughter to the audience.
It was a work that nurtured good teamwork, and Nishida expressed his desire to make it into a series, saying, "If it has a good reputation, it could be made into a series. With the help of everyone, I would like to do my best to make it into a series." Ito also said, "We are full of intention to make it into a series," Nakao said, "I was frustrated because Nishida was singing when I saw the movie. I want to sing this time," and Kimura also said, "I have already decided on a sequel."
Prefectural Fishery Federation "Start discussions on full-scale operation" Chairman Nozaki "Iwaki Minpo official website" Iwaki Minpo official website
Following the accident at TEPCO's Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, it has been decided that discussions on full-scale operation of the fishing industry off the coast of Fukushima Prefecture will be carried out in each district and other areas.
A meeting of the prefectural fishing federation (Federation of Fisheries Cooperative Associations) was held at the prefectural fishing hall in Chuodai Iino on the 27th, attended by union leaders from all over the prefecture, and President Nozaki Tetsu said, "As a prefectural fishing federation, we believe that there is a need for full-scale operation. I would like each representative to gather and start discussions."
The union president's meeting also approved the official addition of maggots, sakura trout and murasoi off the coast of Fukushima Prefecture, where shipping restrictions have been lifted, to the target fish species for test operations.
The remaining two species of fish that are not eligible are the Binosugai and the Common Kasube.
After the event was over, Chairman Nozaki told the press that the start date of full-scale operation had not yet been decided.
Regarding the treated water after purifying the contaminated water from the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, he said, "The discussion with a Kerenic taste is a problem. Opposition to releasing it into the ocean remains the same," suppressing the statements made by former Environment Minister Harada Yoshiaki and Osaka Mayor Matsui Ichiro.
In discussing full-scale operation, Egawa Akira, president of Iwaki City Fishery Cooperative (Fishery Cooperative), pointed out that "it is necessary to solicit opinions from the bottom up" and said that he would respect the wishes of the members.
It is said that the umbrella branch office will hold a board meeting to solve the problems one by one, and then draw a conclusion as a city fishing cooperative.
Tachiya Kanji, president of the Soma Futaba Fishery Cooperative, says, "In addition to fishermen, it is necessary to have discussions with intermediaries."
With the support of the government, the Soma Futaba Fishery Cooperative will have seven new ships next year, so "it's important to get the catch back first," he said, expressing his intention to improve the environment in parallel with discussions on full-scale operations.
Street activities to improve driving and smoking manners Karatsu Tobacco Sales Cooperative | Town Topics | Saga Shimbun News | Saga Shimbun Live
A union member calling on drivers to drive safely = Waseda Saga Junior and Senior High School in Tojo, Karatsu
In conjunction with the "Autumn Traffic Safety Citizens' Movement", the Karatsu Tobacco Sales Cooperative held street activities on the 26th on the city road in front of Waseda Saga Junior and Senior High School in Tojo, Karatsu.
About 10 people, including union members, participated in the event and called on drivers to drive safely.
The participants handed out flyers, ballpoint pens and other items to the drivers, saying, "Please drive safely."
In order to encourage a ban on littering of cigarettes, they also gave them portable ashtrays and appealed for better smoking manners.
Kumamoto Fujio (80), president of the association, said, "There are many accidents every year (in the prefecture), and recently the number of Aori drivers has been increasing. I want people to drive with good manners and care."
"Beauty and ugliness" is a piece of paper?
What is the image of "snake" that overlaps with the beautiful girls in Kazuo Umezu's work? (Magmix) - Yahoo! News
Mysterious beauty and shadowy facial expressions have something in common?
"Umezu Kazuo: Beautiful Girl Collection" (Genkosha), which focuses on the beautiful girls drawn by Umezu Kazuo, who has produced many works since the 1950s and is known as a leading expert in "horror manga", was released in August 2019.
When I pick it up and look at it, I realize once again the correlation between "beauty" and "fear" in Kazuo Umezu's work.
[Image] Is it attractive because there is a shadow?
Beautiful girls in Kazuo Umezu's work (5 photos)
In the preface of "Beautiful Girl Collection", there was a sentence that said, "Fear, ugliness, and shocking scenes and developments in the story stand out only because of the beauty of the girls at the opposite end of the story", but "fear" may stand out more because of the contrast in which the beautiful faces are distorted and the expression of resentment with a grudge changes...
The keyword "snake" appears in many of Kazuo Umezu's works, but there are various ways to receive snakes, such as being regarded as "creepy creatures" by the viewer and feeling "beautiful" by some people.
Some people in the world like reptiles, while others just don't like them.
In this way, depending on the viewer's sensibility, "snake" may be a creature where "beauty" and "ugliness" are two sides of the same coin.
This creature has been worshipped as a creature with high spiritual power since ancient times, and the house where the "white snake" lived is said to be auspicious.
Umezu's works based on the snake include "Serpent Girl" and "Madara no Shojo" from the 1965 "Mama ga Kowai!" series.
In most cases, "serpent woman" is a beautiful woman with a shadow.
To put it bluntly, it can be said that they are "cool beauty" types... I feel that that is what the beautiful girls who appear in Umezu's works have in common.
Among them, "Orochi", the main character of "Orochi", which has been serialized in "Weekly Shonen Sunday" since 1969, is a beautiful girl character that can be said to be one of the representative of Umezu's works, but in order to maintain eternal life and eternal youth, she goes to a deep sleep every 100 years, and the part with mysterious power somehow reminds me of "Snake".
Seven international students from Sabiel High School paid a courtesy call on the mayor [Sanyo Onoda] | Ube Daily Konomachi Media Web
Seven students studying at Sabiel High School (Principal Matsubara Hideki) paid a courtesy visit to Mayor Fujita Goji of Sanyo Onoda on the 26th.
The international students talked about what they wanted to do during their stay, and Mayor Fujita encouraged them to live a meaningful school life.
High school students (aged 15 to 17) from all over the world came to Japan last month using the Asian Bridge Project, a project supported by the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology.
The six girls from China, Cambodia, Mongolia, Thailand, Indonesia and Malaysia live in the school's dormitory for eight months.
Turkish boys spend 10 months in school while homestay.
The international students who visited the city hall introduced themselves one by one in Japanese.
Regarding his impression of the city, he said, "When I take a walk, people I don't know greet me. It's a quiet and pleasant town."
He also said, "I'd like to see Mt.Fuji while I'm in Japan."
In addition, the girls living in the dormitory also had the opportunity to interact with their host families, and they were looking forward to participating as volunteers in the library festival.
Mayor Fujita said, "I want you to actively gain various experiences and experiences. Invite your friends and host family to participate in the city's Halloween event at Onoda Sun Park next month."
Deputy Minister Yamamoto deleted meal tweet on the eve of explanation of cause of helicopter crash | Shizuoka Newspaper @ S
Deputy Minister of Defense Yamamoto Tomohiro posted a comment along with a photo of Parliamentary Vice-Minister for Defense Iwata Kazuchika, and deleted the Twitter screen
Deputy Minister of Defense Yamamoto Tomohiro deleted his Twitter comment, saying "It's delicious" when he had a meal at a yakitori restaurant in Saga Prefecture, by the 27th.
Yamamoto had entered Kanzaki on the 26th to explain to the local government the results of an investigation into the crash of a Ground Self-Defense Force A H64D combat helicopter in February last year.
On the same evening, he tweeted, "I came to Saga Prefecture on a business trip!"
She posted a comment along with a photo of Iwata Kazuchika, Parliamentary Vice-Minister for Defense of the prefecture, who was present at the meal, saying, "It's delicious."
A girl in the house was injured in the accident, and two members of the team were killed.
Yamamoto has been elected to the House of Representatives four times, and has been elected to the South Kanto region in proportional representation.
[Koshiyama Wakamizu] A circle of "children's cafeterias" that offer free or cheap meals to children is spreading all over the country.
According to a survey conducted by NPO and other organizations, about 3,700 locations across the country are active this year.
It has increased by 1.6 times compared to 2018, and there are 24 locations in Fukui Prefecture, up 9 from last year.
Why is it a children's cafeteria now?
Yuasa Makoto, president of a NPO and a social activist, spoke about his background and significance at a lecture held in Sakai.
Due to the declining birthrate and aging population, the area has become lonely, and the shopping street has declined.
There is no place for people to meet.
Therefore, there was a need for a local exchange base where people could interact with each other.
Even though it is called a children's cafeteria, it is a "place for multi-generation exchange" where the elderly also participate.
Not only will it eliminate isolated food, but it will also lead to support for child-rearing and health promotion for the elderly.
It will break the chain of poverty and revitalize the community.
The important thing is, don't have children that start from there.
They range from once a month to serving meals every day.
The scale ranges from a few people to a few hundred people, and the venues range from private homes to temples.
There is an atmosphere where people who want to do it can do it.
The low threshold is attractive.
However, it is difficult to secure operating expenses and staff.
sometimes we hear about issues like a secure management system.
However, Yuasa says, "When you interact with many people, your values change," and "Connecting with society becomes a safety net in the event of a disaster."
It seems to be a glimmer of hope in a closed society.
On the last day of the autumn Hokushinetsu district high school baseball tournament in Fukui Prefecture, the final and third place match will be held at the prefectural stadium (Fukui City) on September 29th.
In the final, Tsuruga Kehi, who is aiming for the top spot for the first time in four years, and Tsuruga, who is aiming for the first victory in 36 years, will compete in the autumn tournament.
Tsuruga Kehi of Seed School won three consecutive cold games from the first round.
In the semifinals against Hokuriku, ace Kasashima Naoki won the match by pitching to close the key points.
He has 13 hits and is doing well, and he wants to support the pitchers in the final.
On the other hand, Tsuruga won from the unseeded.
In the quarter-finals, they won a close match by one point, and in the semifinals against Hamizu, they scored the first goal in a squeeze and ran away 3-1.
I want to make sure that I have the opportunity to score in the final.
The third place match with one remaining slot in the Hokuriku Shinetsu tournament will be between Hokuriku and Hamizu.
Hokuriku had a disarray of running bases and bunts at the beginning of the semifinals, but they want to rebuild in the third place match.
On the other hand, Hamizu attracted the attention of this tournament by beating the strong Fukui Institute of Technology.
It will be interesting to see if they can beat Hokushinetsu in the third place match.
Game on September 29th
3rd place match at the prefectural ballpark Hokuriku - Hamizu (10am) Final Tsuruga Kehi - Tsuruga (1pm) * Time is scheduled to start
Tsuruga defeated Hamizu for the first time in 21 years in autumn, Hokushinetsu
Tsuruga Kehi defeated Hokuriku and Hokushinetsu ticket
Rugby Japan, Paid article in record 8th place
Japanese women's basketball advance to Asian Cup final Paid article
Sharp Home Appliance, Yoshimoto Entertainer wins Comedy Grand Prix at PR Osaka | Shizuoka Newspaper @ S
The comedy duo Himekoron, who won the Sharp PR-1 Grand Prix, will be in Osaka on the 27th.
The final of the Sharp PR-1 Grand Prix, a contest to determine the entertainers who can best introduce Sharp's home appliances, was held on the 27th in Namba, Osaka.
It is a joint event between Sharp and Yoshimoto Kogyo Co., Ltd., and has been qualifying since July.
The plan is to convey the charms of the products through professional storytelling, and to encourage comedy fans to like Sharp's home appliances.
The final at Yoshimoto Manzai Theater.
About 250 spectators watched the battle between the remaining four groups from about 200 groups.
The winner, Himekoron, is a young duo who have often introduced Sharp products to mass retailers in Ehime Prefecture.
The venue was filled with laughter as they conveyed the advantages of air conditioning in a small way.
Sotetsu Sagami-Otsuka Station Series 7000 and Series 12000 Photo Session (Tetsudo com) - Yahoo! News
As an event to commemorate the opening of the Sotetsu / JR direct line, Sagami Railway will hold a photo session in Sagami-Otsuka on November 30th to go directly to Sotetsu / JR! Series 7000 and Series 12000.
The event will be held in Sagami-Otsuka Station.
In addition to photo sessions for the 7000 series and 12000 series, the 7000 series cars will be open to the public, the 7000 series last run commemorative goods will be sold, and the commemorative admission ticket will be released.
Commemorative goods (prices) include metal key chains (700 yen), can badges (450 yen) and clear files (300 yen).
The number of key chains sold is limited to 500, can badges are limited to 300, and clear files are limited to 1,000.
8 new Air Force 1 models, including NBA collaboration and Gore-Tex models, are now available at once (WWD Japan.com)
Nike will release eight new models of the Air Force 1, which has gained popularity as one of the brand's leading sneakers since its release in 1982, starting in October.
Three of the eight models are for women, with updates based on her experience with "The One Reimagined" (released in 2018), a collection of sneakers redesigned from a woman's point of view, as Georgina James, senior creative director of Nike Women's Footwear, says, "Women are diverse and want something unique that is different from others."
[Image] 8 new Air Force 1 models, including NBA collaboration and Gore-Tex models, are now available at once
The "Air Force 1 NBA Pack" in collaboration with the NBA comes in two types: low cut and high cut.
The low cut is based on the NBA colors red, yellow, black and navy, while the high cut is available in the uniform colors of the three teams, including Los Angeles Lakers (Los Angeles Lakers).
The heel and shoe tan are adorned with the NBA logo, and the satin fabric is used on the back of the upper, making the sash the first bicolor design.
The price is 13,200 yen including tax, and it will be released on October 1st.
"Air Force 1 Sush Pack" is designed with the words "Sush" and "Sush" everywhere.
It is noteworthy that the shoe tan part, which was originally supposed to be decorated with the brand logo, has also been changed to the special "SWOOSH" character.
"Air Force 1 Shadow" is characterized by shadows as a source of inspiration, and each detail, including the side sash, is double like a shadow.
While the outsole is thicker and taller than the original, it has succeeded in reducing the weight that women are happy with by hollowing out the center.
The price is 13,200 yen including tax, and it will be released on October 3rd.
"The real culprit" for drone attack on Saudi oil facility (Friday) - Yahoo! News
"The Iranian drone used in this bombing, the Ababir, has improved dramatically in recent years by analyzing the crashed US drone," he said.
It can be manufactured at a low price and has a range of about 1000 km.
One of our strengths is that it flies low, so it's hard to get caught by radar, "says Toru Yokota, a news photographer.
On September 14th, the oil facilities of Saudi Aramco, Saudi Arabia's largest oil company, were bombed by 10 military drones.
Soon after, the Houthis, a Yemeni rebel group, issued a statement of guilt.
"There is no doubt that Iran, led by President Rouhani, is behind the Houthis. Iran cannot allow its rival Saudi Arabia to make money from crude oil in a situation where it cannot export crude oil. The aim is to let the international community know that if Iran continues to impose an embargo on crude oil, it will cause corresponding pain," says Sugawara, an international political analyst.
In the wake of the bombing, as much as half of Saudi Arabia's total oil production was shut down, and oil prices skyrocketed by 15%.
As it is, some say the oil shock will come back.
"As long as Trump has pledged to withdraw US troops from the Middle East, he wants to avoid military intervention at all costs, at least until next year's election is over. With that in mind, Iran will continue to bomb drones under the cover of the Houthis. However, the US will not be able to put up with it forever. There is a good chance that Trump will decide to attack Iran in the future," says Sugawara.
The "proxy war" between the United States and Iran is in immediate danger.
The reason why a super unique YouTuber became a regular employee.
Ask the president who hired him (bizSPA!
9 / 27 (Fri) 8: 47 delivery
A YouTuber who is now extremely popular, mainly among young people.
It is not uncommon for companies to use them to advertise their products, but some companies have started a rare system called "YouTuber Recruitment," in which they hire them as regular employees.
Direct Marketing Mix Co., Ltd. (hereafter referred to as DmMiX), whose main business is corporate CRM (customer relationship management).
What does "hiring a YouTuber" mean?
We spoke with Kobayashi Yuki, CEO of DmMiX and representative of Staff First, a subsidiary that actually hired YouTubers.
I want to support young people who are working hard to hire YouTubers.
How does "YouTuber Recruitment" work in the first place?
Kobayashi Yuki (hereafter referred to as Kobayashi): The profession of YouTuber is now a longing for many young people.
It is also at the top of the list of jobs that elementary school students want to take in the future, and the number of young people who are aiming for it will continue to increase.
In the past, we have hired and supported young people who are chasing their dreams, such as bandmen and comedians.
In the same way, "YouTuber Recruitment" is about hiring and supporting young people who are chasing their dream of becoming a YouTuber.
There is an image that YouTubers are individuals who voluntarily post videos, but why did you decide to hire them?
Kobayashi: While many young people yearn for the job of YouTuber, the reality is that most YouTubers are not able to make as much money as they thought.
There are many creators who make and post videos while working part-time, as well as creators who do not have their families recognize them as YouTubers.
In this initiative, we will provide hired creators with a salary and an environment for content creation.
At first, we are thinking of supporting our activities by supporting the disadvantages of the profession of YouTuber, which inevitably puts you in an unstable position.
Environmental Girl "Fighting for a Safe Future" Protests Around the World, Second Week in a row | Shizuoka Newspaper @ S
Greta Thunberg (center) and others at a protest in Montreal, eastern Canada, on the 27th (Reuters)
New York: Greta Thunberg (16), a Swedish girl calling for measures to combat global warming, took part in a protest in Montreal, eastern Canada, on the 27th, emphasizing that she would "continue to fight for a safe future."
Protests by young people on the day followed Asian countries and took place in Europe, the United States and other parts of the world.
The mass protests in response to Greta's call are the second week in a row, following the 20th.
Greta met with Canadian Prime Minister Trudeau on the 27th.
Mr. Trudeau, who has always appealed to his enthusiastic stance on combating global warming, also participated in the march.
However, after the meeting, Greta was dry about Mr. Trudeau, saying he was "clearly short of action".
"I hope South Korea returns to GSOMIA" Acting Assistant Secretary of State (Sankei Shimbun) - Yahoo! News
In a solo interview with the Sankei Shimbun at the U.S. ambassador's residence in Tokyo on the 27th, Napper, acting U.S. Assistant Secretary of State for South Korea and Japan, said, "I hope South Korea will reconsider its decision to break the GSOMIA, which expires on November 23rd, and come back."
It is unusual for a senior US official to mention the reconsideration of the destruction of GSOMIA.
GSOMIA has been concluded by Japan, South Korea, Japan, the United States, and the United States and South Korea, and is the basis for sharing missile launch information.
South Korea announced in August that it would break the agreement with Japan, and if it expires, the framework for protecting military intelligence between Japan and South Korea will collapse.
Napper argued that "without GSOMIA, we would not be able to respond effectively to the crisis."
"There is time for it to expire," he said, urging South Korea to return.
"This is the first time in history that China and Russia have conducted a joint flight drill over the Sea of Japan in July," he said, adding that "it is essential for the United States, South Korea and Japan, which share values such as democracy and human rights, to work together in an alliance."
He pointed out that the recent deterioration in relations between Japan and South Korea "hurts the national interest of the United States."
"We have no intention of mediating," he said, "but we will play a positive role so that Japan and South Korea can bridge the gap."
(Hirata Yusuke)
Tokai-mura Critical Accident: 300 Nuclear Facilities Troubles in 30 Days: Hokkaido Shimbun Doshin Online Edition
From 2000 to 2018, the year after the critical accident in Tokai Village, Ibaraki Prefecture, the first time in the history of nuclear power in Japan that people died from radiation exposure, 336 reports of accidents or failures at nuclear facilities across the country were found in an interview with the Nuclear Regulatory Agency on the 28th.
It has been 20 years since the critical accident, which raised alarm over the safety myth of the nuclear industry.
Although the International Evaluation Scale (INES), which indicates the severity of the accident, accounted for about 90% of the cases that are not subject to evaluation or level 0 (not important for safety), it is necessary to constantly raise safety awareness based on the lessons learned from the accident and TEPCO's Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant accident in 2011.
Soda Koichi, who has completed the story and original drawings of his creative picture book and is soliciting donations for publication, will be in Echizen City, Fukui Prefecture on September 18th.
Soda Koichi (64), an artist with the Echizen Regional Revitalization Cooperation Team in Fukui Prefecture, has started a crowdfunding campaign to solicit donations online with the aim of publishing creative picture books inspired by local legends in an attempt to promote town development that makes use of picture books.
Soda, who was born in Hokkaido and started his activities as a member of the JOCV in April of this year, is eager to convey the compassion of the people of Fukui based on his deep faith through picture books.
[Donation here] To convey the heart of Fukui.
While Soda has been active as an artist working on contemporary art with mathematical motifs, he has also been active as a member of the JOCV since his 60th birthday.
After working on town development in Nagano, Kumamoto and Tochigi, he arrived in Echizen in April of this year.
In connection with the city that produced Kako Riko and Iwasaki Chihiro, the city aims to create a town that makes use of picture books.
After living in the city, Soda says, "I was surprised by the depth of compassion around me that I could understand for the first time."
What attracted attention was the legend of Awara City, "Daughter-in-law Odoshi no Oni no Mask."
While her mother-in-law is no longer able to remove the mask of the demon, her kind-hearted daughter-in-law continues to recite nenbutsu (Buddhist invocation) to help her mother-in-law without worrying about being surprised by the mask.
"I forgot my hatred and returned it with compassion and kindness. I felt the origin of the piety and kindness of the people of Fukui," says Soda.
Inspired by the original picture book, Soda went to Yoshizaki Gobo in Awara as soon as she arrived, and completed the story "Meoto Oni", in which a kind-hearted demon couple and a boy appear.
Since June, he has made use of his main job to draw 10 scenes with warm watercolors, and the materials for the picture book have been prepared.
In addition, the cover of the picture book will be made of Japanese paper using Echizen Japanese paper, a traditional craft that lives in Echizen.
It will be an opportunity for parents and children to enjoy the touch of Japanese paper by reading it.
The goal of the donation is 850,000 yen for the publication of 600 copies.
The deadline is until October 25th.
Soda said, "The heart of Fukui, which has been nurtured under the historical Buddhist culture, can be proud of all over the country.
I want to convey the true kindness and compassion that has been passed down through the generations to children through picture books. "
It is one of the projects in which Fukui Prefecture recognizes 11 projects to revitalize the community that the JOCV and business operators in the prefecture are challenging, and supports them using their hometown tax payments.
The Fukui Shimbun provides information dissemination, and the Fukui Bank provides management support.
Donations can be made from the crowdfunding site Lady Four.
Rugby class for children in Niigata (Niigata Prefecture) (TeNY TV Niigata) - Yahoo! News
A rugby class for children was held in Niigata on the 28th in an attempt to familiarize children with rugby, which is attracting attention at the World Cup in Japan.
"First rugby class" was held at Toriyano Sports Park Ball Game Stadium in Niigata on the 28th.
It was an event held by the Niigata Rugby Football Union in an attempt to familiarize children with rugby, and 28 children aged 3 to 12 participated in the event, where they experienced the basics of rugby such as tackling and passing.
One of the boys who participated said, "When I first saw rugby on TV, it seemed to be fun. It was fun to join forces."
"First rugby class" is scheduled to be held on October 19th.
In preparation for the consumption tax increase, retailers in Okayama Prefecture rush to sell special prices one after another: Sanyo Newspaper Digital | San-digital
Sales of large home appliances are strong before the tax increase at Bic Camera Okayama Ekimae store
From 8% to 10% On the 28th, the last weekend before the consumption tax increase, home appliance stores and supermarkets in Okayama Prefecture were visited one after another by families who were buying in the rush.
There is also a home center that has a special store for bulk purchases, and a suit store that sells winter clothing ahead of schedule, and each store is focusing on sales.
At Bic Camera Okayama Ekimae store (Ekimae Town, Kita-ku, Okayama), there will be a limited time special price sale until the 30th.
A man (37) from the city who came to the store in search of a refrigerator said, "Even though it is 2%, you can't overlook the difference when it comes to expensive items."
According to the store, sales of large home appliances such as televisions, washing machines and refrigerators increased in September, about twice as much as the previous year.
"The rush in demand is more than you can imagine, and in the second half of the year, there will be a lot of customers looking for expensive products," says the person in charge.
Haruyama Shoji Co., Ltd. (Omote-cho), a suit seller, will hold a sale under the name of "a major disposal of financial results just before the tax increase."
The coat has been on sale since the beginning of September, a month earlier than usual, and sales this month have increased by 10% compared to the previous year.
A company employee (19) from Asaguchi, who visited the Kurashiki store (Shiraraku-cho, Kurashiki) to buy a suit to wear for the coming-of-age ceremony, said, "The ceremony is still ahead, but I would like to buy it before the tax increase."
With this tax increase, the tax rate on food and drink will remain unchanged under the reduced tax rate system, so home centers and supermarkets will focus on daily necessities and alcohol.
At the home center's Time Takaya store (Kanemoto, Naka-ku, Okayama), there will be a special corner loaded with large capacity detergent and tissues near the entrance.
Sales of daily consumables increased 1.6 times compared to the same month last year, and "if you don't replenish them many times a day, they will be cut off," says Shimizu Seiya, manager of the store.
A civil servant (63) from the city who came to the store bought kitchen paper in bulk, saying, "I'm going to buy it anyway, so I'm going to take this opportunity."
Tenmanya Happy Town Okanami store (Tsukiko Shinmachi, Minami-ku, Tenmanya) will also install wagons loaded with detergent, toilet paper and disposable diapers at the event hall.
A man (35), a company employee in the city, said, "If you receive a cashless payment point reduction, the amount of burden will hardly change, so you don't have to rush to buy daily necessities."
"The best manager" (SPORT. es) to honor Klopp's biggest enemy in 2019 - Yahoo! News
Jürgen Klopp, winner of the best manager award for "The Best", looked back on his career in an interview and also commented on the current situation.
One of the many statements that surprised the public was about Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola, who will be his biggest rival for the Premier League title.
Neymar's best friend Aves says: "His happiness is still in Barça..."
After the award ceremony for "The Best", the German commander claimed, "I never imagined it would be so great. I am very happy and proud to have won this award. It's been a great few days for me. Thanks to my players, I was able to win the award. The most important thing is the team."
Regarding Guardiola, Klopp said, "I respect him very much," and said, "What can I say about him? He's won a lot of titles. The style his team plays is extraordinary. He's the best manager I've ever played against. It's one honor to be nominated with him and be able to compete for the award."
He also mentioned manager Pochettino and Tottenham.
"His last year was incredibly great. In many cases, if he didn't win the title, people wouldn't remember him. He was building the team little by little and playing in a great style."
Klopp commented without hesitation about the best moments of 2019: "It's a reversal against (CL) Barcelona. A lot of experts and myself wouldn't have bet a centimeter on us. 3-0 behind a team with Messi and Suárez... that's like a death sentence. We had a small chance and were able to make it a thing. I couldn't believe it. When I look back, I might be able to say we won the CL. This game will be remembered by everyone."
Asked a more personal question at the end, Klopp concluded: "When I congratulated them on winning the Bundesliga, I woke up on a bench and didn't even know where I was. This time it didn't happen. I don't like getting drunk because I'm a person with a self-control obsession. I congratulated them on winning the CL very modestly. I remember everything. If I had everyone lined up in front of me, I might be able to identify all the people I saw from the bus."
Lexus LC and IS have a special specification car that incorporates everything from craftsmanship to cutting-edge technology (WEB CARTOP) - Yahoo! News
It is finished in a special one that further enhances the style and taste.
Lexus has set up a special specification car for the luxury coupe LC and the sporty sedan IS, which will be released on Tuesday, October 1st.
[Photo] Lexus LC interior stands out for its high quality
The special specification car was developed based on the idea of "CRAFTED".
CRAFTED embodies the desire to create a new experience that shakes the heart by making full use of all kinds of methods, from craftsmanship to cutting-edge technology, by thinking about the person with the Japanese aesthetic sense cultivated through the rich nature and history, as well as the sensibility to sense the ambiguous things that are required without putting words into words.
Based on the LC500 / LC500h, the LC's special specification car "PATINA Elegance" features Lexus' finest genuine leather L-ANILINE seats that combine durability with softness and natural texture, as well as genuine leather steering made of premium leather with a soft touch.
It is finished as a model that further enhances the style and taste.
L-ANILINE carefully selects only the highest quality raw skin, and realizes softness with a color coat that aims for a thin coating using a process of flexibility over a long period of time and original technology.
Improve the comfort of sitting around your body and the fit while driving.
Premium leather is also used for the steering, so that you can feel the quality on your skin.
In addition, it is specially equipped with an Alcantara roof, a scuff plate that is metal-etched with laser etching to create a beautiful L-shaped motif, and a color head-up display.
The interior features a combination of bright patina brown for special specification cars and gorgeous brown for door trim, genuine leather seats and seat belts.
In addition, the stitching colors are light brown and dark brown with different brightness, and together with the carefully selected texture, it expresses a high quality and deep space.
The body colors are available in three colors: Terrain Khaki My Cameratric, Sonic Titanium and Graphite Black Glass Flake.
Sidecar wants to use it!
According to Apple, the new operating system, macOS Catalina, will be available in October.
The specific date has not been revealed, but maybe it will be delivered on October 4th?
[View all images] macOS Catalina may be released on October 4th?
The image above has been posted on Apple's website in Denmark (now modified).
The image certainly says "From October 4th (fra den 4.oktober)".
If it is an official website, the information seems to be highly accurate.
By the way, the feature I personally want to try the most on macOS Catalina is "Sidecar".
This is a feature that treats the iPad as a sub-display on a Mac, a feature that was previously realized in third-party apps.
And since Sidecar is a genuine Apple feature, it is expected to be more complete (and responsive).
There are rumors of the next MacBook Pro with a 16-inch display, but first of all, we want to fully experience this next generation of macOS.
Sakura Shrimp in the Growth Process Shizuoka City, etc. P T, depth 290 meters Photo by Shizuoka Newspaper @ S
Sakura Shrimp born this year successfully photographed in the deep sea of Suruga Bay, off the coast of Kanbara, Shimizu-ku, Shizuoka on the 11th (provided by Yui Sakura Shrimp Project)
The Yui Sakura Shrimp Project, a project of the Marine Industry Cluster Council, including Shizuoka City, has recently succeeded in photographing sakura Shrimp, which is thought to have been born during this spring / summer spawning season, on the seabed at a depth of 290 meters in Suruga Bay.
The video of the growth process is valuable, and the people involved hope it will lead to the elucidation of the ecology of sakura shrimp, which has many mysteries.
The photo was taken near the seabed about 1.5 kilometers off the coast of Kanbara district, Shimizu-ku.
A total of 300 animals were confirmed in 17 minutes.
Conventional knowledge that sakura shrimp in the deep sea during the day "form a certain amount of groups on the seabed" has been reconfirmed.
The adult is about 40 millimeters long, and the individual shown is about 23 millimeters long.
The spawning season was identified by matching it with seasonal data from the caught sakura shrimp.
For detailed analysis, Fujitsu Software Technologies and Shizuoka College of Industrial Science and Technology, which make up the team, will be asked.
Project leader Mizuno Keisuke says, "We want to capture the living state of individuals in the growth process, including young shrimp."
Mother Ranch reopens, Chiba residents are free until the end of October, damaged by typhoon | Shizuoka Newspaper @ S
Chiba Prefecture's mascot character "Chiba-kun" welcomes visitors at Mother Ranch, which has reopened on the morning of the 28th, Futtsu City, Chiba Prefecture
Mother Ranch in Futtsu City, Chiba Prefecture, which had been closed since the 9th due to power outages and facility damage caused by Typhoon Hagibis, reopened on the 28th.
In an attempt to liven up the disaster-affected areas, residents of Chiba Prefecture will be free to enter until the end of October.
Under the autumn weather, many people visited the park at the same time as it opened, and at the entrance gate, the prefecture's mascot character "Chiba-kun", who rushed to support the park, welcomed them.
The roof is covered with blue sheets and some facilities are under repair, but half of the restaurants have been reopened.
Mitani Kenji (34), a company employee from Sagamihara who visited with his family, said with a smile, "I was worried about when it would reopen. I came here to look forward to the potato digging event in the hope it would lead to reconstruction."
All Hokkaido Go 4 strong decision: Hokkaido Shimbun Doshin Online Edition
The 69th All-Hokkaido Go Championship (organized by the Hokkaido Shimbun) began on the 28th at the Hokkaido Shimbun in Chuo-ku, Sapporo.
30 players participated in the tournament to compete for the top amateur in Hokkaido, and the best 4 came out.
Asano Tetsuya (48) = Sapporo district, Takuma Hideyuki (52) = Asahikawa district, Tomita Takuji (72) = Asahikawa district, Takasumi Mamoru (75) = Kitami district.
The previous year's winner, Takasumi Kazuya (49), lost the quarter-finals by half a point to Asano, who has won the tournament eight times, the most in the tournament.
Shinoda Yuya (8), the youngest player in the history of the tournament, lost in the first round to Arai Kazutoyo (75), the previous year's runner-up, in the Obihiro district.
Arai was defeated in the next two rounds.
On the 29th, the semifinals and final of the all-road Go will be held from 1: 30 pm.
The 26th All Hokkaido Women's Go Championship will be held from 10am.
The venue is the Hokkaido Shimbun (Odori Nishi 3).
(Yasutoshi NAKAMURA)
[First half of the Bud Olympics race] World champion Momota Kento and doing well Zhou Tian Cheng lead one step!
< Men's singles > (Bud x Spi!
The Japan national team, which won six medals at the 25th World Championship (Basel, Switzerland), a big badminton event held in August, will finish their training camp in early September and participate in the China OP (Changzhou / Super 1000), which starts on the 17th.
Here, we look back on the first half of the race from May to August, when the Olympic race for next year's Tokyo Olympics began, and look at the men's singles for the middle of the race (September to December) (Text / Badminton Magazine Editorial Department).
The badminton Olympic race, which began in May, digested the four top tournaments (Super 500 or higher) in which the top players competed at the end of the world championship.
Momota Kento, who won 2 out of 4 tournaments, and Taiwan's Cho Tien Cheng were the two players who kept doing well in the first half.
Momota won the world championship and Zhou Tian Cheng won the Indonesian OP (S1000), which is directly linked to the Olympic race, and won the high points of "world ranking points".
Momota also won the Japan OP (S750).
Since May, he has participated in four tournaments: the group Sudirman Cup (May / China), the Indonesian OP (July / results are 16 strong), the Japan OP (July) and the World Championship (August).
Although the number of players is small compared to other top players, it is a schedule that reduces the burden on the body.
August was only one world championship tournament, so the fatigue will not be as great as it was during the series.
A good result is required in the middle of a series of top tournaments since September.
He is a Taiwanese ace who is strong in a series of battles.
Attention is also paid to young people in Thailand!
Zhou Tian Cheng, who also won the top tournaments in Indonesia and Thailand (S500), has already participated in seven tournaments.
He also participated in the local Taipei OP (S300) at the beginning of September, and won the championship.
He is a player who has a strong physical strength and does not suffer from a series of matches.
Even if the tournament continues, there will be no major problems with the performance of the game.
Rather, the high points in the first half would have made it easier for them to adjust the schedule for the tournament they will participate in in the future.
Until last year, Zhou Tian Cheng had the impression that he was lacking in explosive power, but this year, with more stability on the playing side, he has been able to continue his good results.
Momota, ranked number one in the world, is likely to be a more troublesome opponent than ever before.
In addition to these two players, young Thai ace Cantafon and India's Sai Pranice B. had results in the first half.
Anders Anton Sen, who is struggling alone as a member of the European team, is the three players.
Although Cantafon have not reached the final in the top tournaments, they have gained strength to advance to the top, finishing in the top 4 in two tournaments this season.
Although there is still a rough side, the 20 year old (21 years old on the 18th), who is now able to rally on an equal footing with the top players, seems to have great potential to make a leap forward in the Olympic race.
Sai Pranice B. also took a step out of India, where there are good singles players.
Samir Barama, Pranoi H.S. and Srikans Kidambi, who have been delayed due to injury, will also be catching up in the future, so attention should be paid to the Indian team after the middle game.
New mobile phone charges to be reduced due to fair competition: Hokkaido Shimbun Doshin Online Edition
With the enforcement of the revised Telecommunications Business Act in October, a new fee plan for mobile phone companies has been announced.
However, it remained generally high.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Suga Yoshihide said last summer that there was "room for a 40% reduction" and there was no price competition, even though expectations for a price reduction had been raised.
Rakuten's full-scale entry into the market has been postponed, and the oligopoly of the three major companies continues to be a major factor.
It is desirable for consumers to have a fee structure that is easy to use through fair competition.
I would like to ask for the efforts of mobile phone companies.
The revised law prohibits a set discount on terminal and communication fees.
This is because instead of selling the device at a low price, the communication fee was set to be expensive.
SOFTBANK and KDDI (a u) have announced plans to reduce the price of terminals by up to half.
However, both companies have a "SIM lock" on their terminals that cannot be used by other companies for 100 days.
NTT Docomo will reduce the cost of terminals by up to a third only for subscribers of its own line.
All three companies appear to be continuing to "encircle" to prevent transfers to other companies.
The Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications (MIC) has announced that it will require the immediate release of the SIM lock.
Companies also need to respond as soon as possible.
Rakuten's postponement was due to the fact that the development of communication networks, such as base stations, did not go as planned.
It was expected to be a catalyst for price reduction competition, so it was a great outfit.
I think there was a sweetness in the outlook.
It is not clear when or how much the service will start.
As a company responsible for social infrastructure, I would like you to take responsibility for your business.
The revision of the fee was triggered by remarks made by Chief Cabinet Secretary Suga.
Suga expressed his dissatisfaction with the new fees for the three companies, saying, "I think competition is going to start in the future. I don't think it's going to be as good as it is."
However, it is hard to believe that "government-made price cuts" will distort the market and encourage healthy competition.
Companies should develop customer-oriented competition before they are told by the government.
The pricing structure of each company is very complicated and it is not easy to compare.
The Consumer Affairs Agency called for attention, saying that even though the device is advertised as "up to half the price", there are cases where the burden on consumers exceeds half the price.
Companies themselves must try to explain carefully and in an easy-to-understand manner so as not to cause misunderstandings among users.
Withdrawal limit reduced to half a million yen 3 Shinkin cash cards in Mie Prefecture - Ise Newspaper
Three shinkin banks in Mie Prefecture (Kuwana Mie Shinkin Bank, Kita-Ise Ueno Shinkin Bank and Kihoku Shinkin Bank) announced on the 26th that they have decided to reduce the withdrawal limit by cash card in order to prevent damage caused by special fraud.
For depositors over the age of 70 who hold cash cards from Kuwana Mie, Kita-Ise Ueno and Kihoku shinkin banks and have not made more than a certain amount of withdrawal transactions at an ATM (automatic cash deposit machine) for the past three years, the maximum amount that can be withdrawn per day with a cash card will be half a million yen.
Kuwana Mie Shinkin Bank and Kita-Ise Ueno Shinkin Bank will be reduced on October 1st, and Kihoku Shinkin Bank will be reduced on November 1st.
In the prefecture, there have been many cases of special fraud in which cash cards and PIN are defrauded by financial institutions and police officials, and then withdrawals are made at ATMs. A shinkin bank official said, "We want to protect customers' important deposits as much as possible."
Yokozuna Tsururyu and others transferred to Mutsu room due to sudden death of Izutsu master | Shizuoka Newspaper @ S
The Japan Sumo Association announced on the 27th that it has approved the transfer of three sumo wrestlers from Izutsu room, including Yokozuna Tsururyu, and one tokoyama to Mutsu room following the death of Izutsu master (former Sekiwaki Sakahoko).
The Mutsu room is the same Tokitsukaze family as the Izutsu room.
His master, Mutsu Oyakata (former Ozeki Kirishima), was born in Izutsu Room and was a senior disciple of the late Izutsu Oyakata.
Master Izutsu passed away suddenly on the 16th, and Tsururyu and others were temporarily placed in the Kyoyama room of the same family, and future treatment was being discussed.
As of the fall, there are 12 sumo wrestlers in the Mutsu room, including Jiryo Kirimasan, who is from Mongolia, who is the same as Tsururyu.
[Rugby World Cup] One shot sent off & brawl US player's "face danger tackle" ripples overseas "insulting and despicable play" (The Answer) - Yahoo! News
US FL Quill plays rough, former England international 'not what you can call a tackle'
At the Rugby World Cup in Japan on the 26th, the United States, the last of the 20 countries to play in the tournament, lost 7-45 to England.
It was a black star start, but the rough play played by FL John Quill in the second half caused a stir.
He was sent off one shot in the form of a shoulder tackle on the opponent's face.
The actual scene has been released in the overseas media with a video, and the former England player has also complained that it is "insulting and despicable play" and "not what can be called a tackle".
[VIDEO] "Insult and despicable play" ripples overseas!
One shot sent off, both players were in a disturbance... The actual moment of the "face danger tackle" played by the US national team Quill
The passionate fighting spirit has crossed the line.
It was 29 minutes into the second half when they were 0-38.
Deep in the opposition, England captain Farrell lost his balance a bit when he caught his side's pass.
It was Quill who went to tackle this.
However, he woke up his upper body, not from the waist down, and hit his upper body hard.
As a result, the opponent's head and head come into contact, and it is shaped like a headbutt.
Farrell was blown away hard and fell down.
England players protest hard as they try to push Quill into a play that clearly lacks legitimacy.
Players from both sides gathered at once, creating an instant atmosphere.
As a result of TMO (video judgment), Quill was sent off with a red card.
He left the pitch with a bad face, but was booed in part by the crowd calling for fair play.
The local media "staff" in New Zealand, a strong rugby team, featured the headline "Rugby World Cup 2019: US player sent off for despicable play, England win comfortably".
"Kill was sent off for a despicable shoulder charge to the face of England star Farrell," the report said. "It was almost a brawl between the two players."
The article features comments from former England player and commentator Ugo Monya.
"It's insulting, it's despicable. It's not what you can call a tackle. It's a despicable play," he said.
The United States, who lacked one player in the game, managed to escape a complete loss with a bold try in the 81st minute.
However, Quill's play left a bad aftertaste.
On September 26th, the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare (MHLW) announced for the first time the names of 424 public hospitals in Japan, including 1455 public hospitals and the JRCS, that it judged to have "poor medical results".
In Fukui Prefecture, the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare (MHLW) verified the treatment results of 14 public and public hospitals, and four facilities were targeted: the National Hospital Organization Awara Hospital in Awara, Mikuni Hospital in Sakai, Oda Hospital in Echizen-cho, Wakasa Takahama Hospital in Takahama-cho.
4 hospitals subject to reorganization 'standards are strange'
In order to control the cost of medical care, which is expanding due to the aging population, it was necessary to encourage the reorganization and integration of hospitals in competing areas, so the government decided to take an unusual action.
In October, the hospital will also request a full-scale review of the reorganization and integration, and a conclusion will be reached by September next year.
Although there is no force, there is expected to be a backlash from local chiefs and residents due to concerns that nearby hospitals will disappear.
It was announced at a meeting on the same day.
The target hospitals accounted for 29.1% of the total, and many hospitals had relatively few beds.
By prefecture, the percentage was higher in the order of Niigata (53.7%), Hokkaido (48.6%), Miyagi (47.5%), Yamaguchi (46.7%) and Okayama (43.3%).
The number of targets was the largest in Hokkaido, 54, and Okinawa was the only one with zero.
Based on data from the 2017 academic year, the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare (MHLW) conducted a survey of 1455 public and public hospitals that can respond to the "advanced acute phase" for severe patients and the "acute phase" for general surgery.
They analyzed the results of nine medical care items, including cancer and emergency medical care, as well as whether competing hospitals were within 20 minutes by car, and determined the need to publish the name of the hospital.
The target hospitals will be asked to consider abolishing them or moving some departments to other hospitals.
The cost of health care will skyrocket in 2015, when all baby boomers will be 75 years old or older.
For this reason, the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare (MHLW) has set a goal of reducing the number of beds in hospitals with 1.46,000 beds nationwide (2018) to 1.191,000.
Currently, there are many beds in the "advanced acute phase" and "acute phase" where nurses are carefully assigned and medical expenses are incurred, but there is a shortage of beds for rehabilitation, which is in high need for the elderly.
In order to cope with the aging population, it is necessary not only to reduce the number of beds, but also to increase the number of beds for rehabilitation.
Regarding the reorganization and consolidation of hospitals, each prefecture has developed a "community medical plan" that sets out the number of beds required for 25 years.
The whole country has been divided into 339 areas, and local governments and medical officials are in talks, but many local residents and chiefs have maintained a cautious stance, making it difficult to discuss.
The Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare (MHLW) hopes to revitalize discussions by publishing the names of hospitals with poor performance.
Komagatake Eruption Prediction, Road and Other Disaster Prevention Comprehensive Training Residents Participate in Wide Area, First Time in 18 Years (Video): Hokkaido Shimbun Doshin Online Edition
On September 27th, a comprehensive disaster prevention drill was held in the forest, Nanae and Shikabe towns in the Oshima area in anticipation of an eruption of Mt. Komagatake (1131 meters).
About 400 people, including officials and residents from 20 institutions, including Hokkaido and three towns, participated in the event.
This is the first time the event has been held since the Hokkaido Komagatake Volcano Disaster Prevention Council developed an evacuation plan that included evacuation routes for residents in August.
This is the first time in 18 years that residents have participated in a wide-area drill.
It is assumed that Mt. Komagata erupted at 8: 45 a.m. and the mud flow reached the town at the foot of the mountain.
When the eruption warning level was raised to 5 (evacuation), evacuation centers were established in both Mori and Nanae towns, and residents moved by buses and police vehicles prepared by each town.
100 thousand students take school break at Vancouver climate demonstration to appeal for measures to combat global warming (Minna no Keizai Shimbun Network) - Yahoo! News
About 100 thousand citizens, mainly students, who sympathized with 16-year-old environmental activist Greta Thunberg, marched in Vancouver on September 27th calling for climate change measures.
Climate Demonstrations in Vancouver
The march took place from Vancouver City Hall across the Camby Bridge to the downtown library.
People with placards began to gather in front of the city hall a few hours before the start of the meeting, and at 13: 00, the number of people filled the road a few blocks in front of the city hall.
Since then, the number of participants has continued to increase, and eventually more than 100 thousand people have participated.
On the road along the way, the police also cooperated with road regulations, and watched for several hours until everyone had finished walking.
In conjunction with the United Nations Climate Action Summit held in New York, Vancouver has been holding a number of events to think about global warming since last weekend.
On the last day, the 27th, a school strike was called "Fridays for Future".
The students who took a break from school on this day appealed to the adults, saying, "We want to protect the planet even if we take a break from school," and many adults who took a break from work also responded, "We will do our best for the future of children who are seriously learning and thinking."
Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries (Gifu Shimbun Web) - Yahoo! News
The Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries (MAFF) announced on the 27th an amendment to its quarantine guidelines that would allow preventive vaccination of raised pigs, which is not currently permitted, in order to prevent the spread of swine cholera, an infectious disease in livestock.
The plan is to select nine prefectures, including Gifu and Aichi, which have been confirmed to be infected with pigs and wild boars.
The movement of vaccinated live pigs and fertilized eggs is restricted to the region, but the distribution of meat and processed products outside the region is permitted.
After public comments to the general public (open call for opinions), the process is expected to be completed as early as October.
By using vaccines and allowing the distribution of meat and other products outside the region, the country will no longer be a "clean country" that had been recognized by international organizations, which could affect pork exports.
Since the outbreak last September, Japan's status as a clean country has been temporarily on hold.
In the amendment, the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries (MAFF) has set up a "recommended vaccination area" for areas at high risk of infection from wild boars to pigs, based on the opinions of experts.
The target prefecture will create a "vaccination program" that summarizes the scope, timing, number of heads, and how to proceed with the vaccination, and the use will be approved at the governor's discretion after receiving confirmation from the ministry.
The other seven prefectures listed as recommended areas for implantation are Saitama, Toyama, Ishikawa, Fukui, Nagano, Mie and Shiga.
When the guidelines are revised, the region will review the situation and make a decision again.
In principle, the movement of implanted pigs, semen, fertilized eggs, corpses, and excrement is restricted to the area.
Meat and processed products are not covered based on the cost of distribution restrictions and the impact on farmers, and are effectively allowed to be distributed outside the region.
In order not to spread the virus, we will thoroughly dispose of food waste.
They are also working to prevent reputational damage by appealing for the safety of implanted pigs.
The proposed amendment to the guidelines was finalized at a meeting of experts held on the same day, and confirmed at a meeting of the Quarantine Control Headquarters.
In the future, opinions and public comments will be made to the prefectural government until October 7th, and the new quarantine control guidelines will be enforced.
Unaffiliated Honda Keisuke makes public approach to Man U!
"Give me an offer. I don't need any money" (Football Channel) - Yahoo! News
9 / 28 (Sat) 2: 57 delivery
Former Japan international midfielder Honda Keisuke, who left Australian A-League club Melbourne Victory last season and is now an independent, has acted in a surprising way.
[VIDEO] Did Honda Keisuke actually play in the game?
the amazing truth is revealed.
Honda, who updated his Twitter account at midnight on the 27th, made a public approach to one club, saying, "Give me an offer. I don't need any money, but I need to play with a great team or a great teammate."
The person who sent the "reverse offer" was the world famous Manchester United.
Why did Honda make such a grand request to one of the most powerful clubs in the Premier League?
It all started with an article in the Australian edition of Fox Sports, which was published on the 24th.
In an article titled "Five FWs that Manchester United could grab in the midst of a series of injuries", five independent players currently available for acquisition were picked up.
Honda was also named among the players such as Hatem Ben Alfa, Giuseppe Rossi and Wilfredo Bonnie.
United are currently in a state of emergency with a series of injuries, including midfielder Paul popoba, defender Luke Shaw, defender Eric Bayley, forward Antony Martial and forward Marcus rashford.
The "Red Demons", led by Ole Gunner Soulchard, have had a difficult start to the league with 2 wins and 22 losses, and are facing challenges in the quality of their front line.
Honda was named by the Australian media as a new candidate for the team.
According to the article, "Honda's contract as a creative side player, not a striker, strictly speaking, could fill the hole that Andreas Pereira is filling."
9 points in 18 games for Melbourne Victory is a "solid record", but it has also been pointed out that "the 33-year-old Honda needs to move away from his entertainment of managing the Cambodian national team and get full attention".
Will Honda's approach come to fruition?
It will also be interesting to see United move on for the veteran, who has announced his goal of competing in next year's Tokyo Olympics.
500 portable translators have been installed and lent free of charge to Hamamatsu Chamber of Commerce, stores, etc. | Shizuoka Newspaper @ S
Pokétalk, a portable translator that has been loaned free of charge to 500 stores in Hamamatsu.
The Hamamatsu Chamber of Commerce and Industry (Hamamatsu Chamber of Commerce and Industry) announced on the 26th that it has completed the installation of a total of 500 Pokétalk portable translators at stores in Hamamatsu City, a project to lend free of charge to member offices.
This is the first time in Japan that the translator has been deployed intensively in the same area, and it is attracting attention as to whether it will lead to an improvement in the response of inbound tourists.
The breakdown of lenders is 236 restaurants, 113 retail stores, 17 accommodation facilities and 134 others.
The city accounts for 60% of the total.
They have also started displaying the destination of the loan to the map app "Google Maps", so that they can see the location of "stores that are compatible with foreign languages" on their smartphone.
It can be accessed from the Hamanako Tourist Area website.
The free loan of Pokétalk, which supports 74 languages, was launched in April in response to the declaration of "Hamamatsu, the best inbound support city in Japan" by nine organizations in the city.
The Chamber of Commerce will purchase 500 units and lend them to small and medium-sized business sites that meet the conditions such as obtaining hospitality certification and introducing cashless payments for two years.
A representative from the Chamber of Commerce said, "We hope this will lead to the development of new foreign customers in a difficult business environment."
Does Ikemura Hiroyo, who is now a master of direct drama, need to tie up the first shot?
today's caddie's best shot.
A 1W shot is not necessarily something to tie up and hit.
There is also a technique called "direct drama" in which you hit the ball on the ground when you want to gain distance with the second shot of the par-5.
In recent 1W games, there is a risk of the ball falling due to the large head volume, but some players practice this frequently on the tee ground.
Ikemura Hiroyo is waiting for his first victory on the tour.
The 24-year-old, who is in his seventh year as a professional, is 166cm tall, but is currently 7th in the driving distance category (average 304.02 yd).
While he was good at long shots, one of the challenges was the accuracy of the fairway wood.
In early spring, he opened his eyes, saying, "I couldn't shoot the spoon (3W), so I thought I'd try a direct drama."
From the practice round, he sometimes drops the ball on the grass of Tieria and shakes off the 1W.
In cases where a big carry is required, a lot of tie-ups are used, but both sides make effective use of direct drama in narrow holes.
"You can use it in a hall where your eyes are down," he said.
The ballistics instrument recorded 270 yd to 280 yd on the carry.
"That's why I don't need a 3W. My caddie is more secure with a direct drama than a 3W..."
Since the "Japan Tour Championship" in June, Wood has only 1W in his caddie bag.
The second longest club is Loft 17 degrees UT.
The tactics that surprise even the tour friends are also happy with the exclamation that leaks from the gallery they see.
The trick is to "shake the club to a level (horizontal)".
"Whether you hit it with a downblow or an upper, it doesn't fly straight. If it's a cut track, it goes to the right. Originally, I used to do a direct drama to straighten the swing of a 1W shot (when tie-up). This practice also slows the attack angle (angle of incident at the club)."
The ball is not caught and there is a risk of slicing, but "that's why the left side can be erased (it doesn't turn left)".
It's a professional skill that makes you excited, even though it's easy to say.
First ice at Tatami-daira, Mt. Norikura (Gifu Shimbun Web) - Yahoo! News
Ice observed for the first time this season at Tsuruga-ike Pond in Tatami-daira, Mt. Norikura, Niukawa-cho, Takayama on the morning of the 27th (provided by Norikura Skyline Management Office)
Ice was observed for the first time this season at Tsuruga-ike Pond in Tatami-daira (Niukawa-cho, Takayama, Gifu Prefecture, elevation 2702 meters) on Mt. Norikura in the Northern Alps on the 27th.
Four days later than last year and one day earlier than the average of the past 10 years.
According to the Norikura Skyline Management Office, at around 6: 25 a.m., officials patrolling the road saw ice about 2 millimeters thick on the west side of Tsuruga-ike Pond.
The weather at the time of the observation was sunny and the temperature was 3 degrees.
According to the Gifu Regional Meteorological Observatory, the minimum temperature in the prefecture on that day was 9.5 degrees in Rokumaya, Shokawa-cho.
Let's experience the Para competition!
Caravan event at AEON Onahama until tomorrow "Iwaki Minpo official website
With the aim of fostering momentum for the 2020 Tokyo Paralympics, Tokio Marine & Nichido Fire Insurance launched a caravan event "Challenge 6" in Fukushima Prefecture in six prefectures in the Tohoku region at AEON Mall Iwaki Onahama on the 28th.
There is a corner where you can experience six Paralympic sports: Boccia, Wheelchair Fencing, Wheelchair Basketball, Goal Ball, track and field and Wheelchair Rugby, and it is crowded with shoppers.
Challenge 6 was held from July to October in six prefectures in the Tohoku region, and in Fukushima Prefecture, AEON Mall Iwaki Onahama was the venue.
Paralympic sports are still less well known than Olympic sports, but through Challenge 6, the aim is to get as many people as possible to understand by having the same experience as Para athletes.
Dressed in yellow costumes, comedy talent Dandy Sakano, who is familiar with "Gets!", visited the venue and experienced the competition together, showing the excitement.
On the 29th, comedy talent, Maggie, will rush to the show.
Until the 29th.
The time is 10am to 5pm.
Children's play facility and Minaminumabara Elementary School, construction outline decided Yamagata City | Yamagata Newspaper
The successful bidder for the children's play facility and the Minaminumabara Elementary School building, which Yamagata City is planning to build using private funds to improve social capital (PFI), was decided, and the outline of the facility was explained at a standing committee meeting held on the 26th.
Image of a new children's play facility in Katayachi, Yamagata
The children's play facility is planned to be built on the north side of Yamagata Kyuchu in the Katayachi area, with an area of 23,400 square meters.
The building is a steel-framed one-story building with a total floor area of 3,000 square meters.
There is a semi-underground gymnasium, a cafe and a book corner.
In addition, there will be universal design playground equipment for children with disabilities to play outdoors, and 300 parking spaces will be secured.
A review committee was held at the city hall on the 5th of this month, and the Shelter Group (Yamagata City), a group of 13 companies, won the bid for 3.05 billion yen, including design, preparation for opening, and maintenance and operation costs for 15 years.
Design and construction will begin in January next year, and the office is scheduled to open in March 2022.
Image of Minaminumabara Elementary School
Minaminumabara Elementary School is a large school with more than 900 children.
It is planned to be built on the north side of the current school building in Iizawa, with an area of 21,500 square meters.
It is a three-story reinforced concrete building with a total floor area of 8580 square meters.
There are 30 classrooms, two pools, a steel-framed gymnasium and an after-school children's club.
At a review committee meeting on the 6th of this month, the Ichimura Komuten Group (Yamagata City), which consists of eight companies, won the bid for 4.51.21 billion yen, including the design, demolition of the old school building, and maintenance and operation costs for 15 years.
Design and construction began in December, and is scheduled to be completed in October 2010.
Shuri "This time is the fulfillment of love..." Araki Yuko and Kora Kengo will appear in the Fuji drama "Motokare Mania" (Sports Hochi) - Yahoo! News
Actress Shuri (29) will appear in the new Fuji TV drama "Motokare Mania" (starting on October 17th, 10: 00 on Thursday) starring Araki Yuko (25) and Kora Kengo (31).
Shuri plays Kaga Chizuru, a colleague at a major food manufacturer where Yamashita Akio, played by Hamano Kenta (38), works.
The original character of the drama, Chizuru, who does not appear in the original story, is not interested in marriage, and sees marriage as a "means" to avoid financial problems.
Yamashita appeared there.
When she sees the future potential of moving from Hokkaido to the Tokyo head office, which is rare, and the beautiful way she eats rice, she approaches her as "just the right marriage partner".
Chizuru looks like she has a strong mental health, but in fact she has a weak mental health like tofu.
In order to lay out a love strategy to avoid being hurt, if things do not go as expected, they will be violently upset.
Chizuru, who lives in a bravado, meets Yurika and Yamashita, played by Araki Yuko, and changes as she comes into contact with them.
This is the first time Shuri, who has appeared in a number of popular works such as NHK TV series "Toto oneechan" (April to October 2016) and TBS series "Black Pair" (April 2018), has appeared in a Fuji terrestrial drama.
Shuri said, "For some reason, there are many roles where love does not come true, so I hope this time (love) will come true (laughs). I would like to enjoy playing Kaga Chizuru," and sent a message to viewers, "I am looking forward to seeing how I can create this world of" Motokare Mania "with the cast and staff full of individuality and charm. I hope it will be a drama that everyone can look forward to every Thursday at 10 o'clock."
Okura Sorato (17) will also play Chizuru's junior new employee, Hattobo.
Okura, the youngest member of the regular cast, gives a fresh performance full of youth.
GQ Man's 10 Days - Day 9 "Skateboard with Friends" (GQ Japan) - Yahoo! News
The only way to get there is skateboarding!
I've been addicted to skiing ever since I started skiing at the invitation of a friend.
I'm still a beginner, but I feel good when I push through the asphalt.
Filson's hunting jacket is convenient because you can put your smartphone, wallet and luggage in it, so you can go hands-free.
If you wear shorts, you can feel the wind directly and it feels good.
Not only the feet, but also the Converse skateboarding shoes make it light.
The fashion and culture around skateboarding is also cool, so I check magazines and instas frequently!
I also started going to a salon run by a skater hairdresser in Yutenji.
They taught me tricks that I can't do at all yet, information about skateboarding parks, and so on, and I was inspired.
After school, our daily routine is to take a skateboard walk around the city with our friends.
Items to wear ・ Beanie 10,000 yen (Andersen-Andersen / Maiden Company Phone 03-5410-9777) ・ Best 23,000 yen (FILSON / Outer Limits Phone 03-5413-6957) ・ Top 12,000 yen (Pre _ / Wag Ink Phone 03-5791-1501) ・ Shorts 6800 yen (PROPPER / High! Standard Phone 03-3464-2109) ・ Socks 1800 yen (CHICSTOCKS / No Design Phone 03-6677-6030) ・ Sneakers 12,000 yen (CONVERSE SKATEBOARDING / Converse Information Store Phone 0120-819-217)
Minister of Health, Labour and Welfare to meet with families of leprosy, talks between three ministries to eliminate discrimination | Shizuoka Newspaper @ S
Minister of Health, Labour and Welfare Kato Katsunobu announced at a press conference after the cabinet meeting on the 27th that he would meet with the families of former leprosy patients on October 2nd.
The Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare (MHLW), the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (MEXT) and the Ministry of Justice (MOJ) will hold a consultation on the same day to resolve discrimination and prejudice against former patients and their families.
Kato said, "I would like to listen carefully to the voices of my family and do my best to solve the problem."
In a ruling in June, the Kumamoto District Court ordered the state to pay a total of 376 million yen to 541 plaintiffs over the families of former patients.
Prime Minister Abe Shinzo announced that he would postpone the appeal, and the ruling was confirmed.
The government also said it would work on activities such as compensation measures and human rights awareness.
An opportunity for male aspiring models!
"Model Special Audition 2019" (Debut) - Yahoo! News
Among the participating companies, not only models like Narita Ryo, but also many offices belonging to male models who have demonstrated their talents in multiple fields such as actors also participated.
[Photo] SOS Model Agency Affiliation: Kenshi Taniguchi
"Sony Music Artists" belongs to Narita Ryo, who is an exclusive model for the magazine "Man`S Non-NO" (Shueisha) and has a high reputation as an actor, such as appearing in the movie "Human Disqualification" (currently being released) and starring in the movie "Katsuben!" (scheduled to be released on December 13th).
Yoji Yamamoto GroundY / s'yte "SOS Model Agency" belongs to Taniguchi Kenshi, who has appeared as Amazon Alpha / Takayama Hitoshi in the movie "Kamen Rider Amazons" and Lieutenant Colonel Yuki in the stage "Joker Game Game" while working as an advertising model.
Stage "Token Ranbu" Jiden ~ Sun and Sun Leaves Scattering Ramu ~ Jiro Tachi, Hyper Projection Theater "High Cue!!" series Tsukishima Hotaru, etc. "Junes" belongs to Kosaka Ryotaro, who has been active on the 2.5-dimensional stage.
"NVRMND Inc." belongs to Yasunaga Sodairo, who has worked as a model for Amazon Fashion Week and fashion magazine editorial, and has recently been active in various brand models such as Uniqlo, Nike and Adidas.
In addition to HIROTO's "Prestige" and Santen Pharmaceutical's "Sun Medical" commercials that have appeared in commercials for WEGO, Colopla, LINEB612, TikTok, Johnson & Johnson, etc., Create Japan Agency belongs to Eiryu Mori, who has appeared in stage "Gentle Devil", "Akimachi Twilight" and "Marigold ~ Flower Language of Desperation ~".
She has appeared in many women's magazines, including men's fashion magazines such as "POPEYE" and "Smart".
Many model offices have participated in the event, including LOOKBOOK, a domestic and international brand, and Burk-in Style, which belongs to Hayase, who is active in a wide range of fields such as advertising.
Akutagawa's manuscript before his suicide to be released for the first time A theory of debilitating and tragic literature | Shizuoka Newspaper @ S
Akutagawa Ryunosuke's manuscript to be unveiled for the first time at Tabata Bunshi Village Memorial Museum
By the 27th, the Tabata Bunshi-mura Memorial Museum in Kita Ward, Tokyo had obtained the manuscript of Akutagawa Ryunosuke (1892-1927) 's essay "Continued Literary, Too Literary", which he published in his last years when he had Tanizaki Junichiro fight over literary theory.
It will be on display at the museum from October 1st.
Although the essay was known to have been included in the complete collection, it is said that this is the first time his manuscript has been open to the public.
It is believed to have been written a few months before Akutagawa committed suicide, and Tanei Takeshi, a researcher at the Memorial Museum, says, "It shows Akutagawa, physically and mentally weak, facing literary challenges with a tragic determination."
A total of 12 essays on 200-character manuscript paper were published in the April 27 issue of Bungei Shunju.
Greta Toonberg asks questions on Twitter: "Why do adults sneer and threaten children?"
Swedish environmental activist Greta Toonberg gave a speech on September 23rd at the United Nations Climate Action Summit in New York.
While the speech has attracted attention, there have been calls to insult Greta.
[Tweet collection] Greta Toonberg: "Why do adults sneer and threaten children?"
A political commentator said about Greta on an American TV show that she was "mentally ill. She is being used by her parents and the international left", and the TV station that used her apologized.
In Japan, there have been many online comments about Greta, such as "I feel sorry for her being used" and "I should go to school", which are not what Greta said.
On September 26th, Greta posted on her Twitter account, "Why do adults spend so much time sneering and threatening teenagers and children?"
"They come up with every lie and conspiracy theory they can think of"
Greta started posting, "Look, it's started again. As you can see, people who don't like me are still active. They follow me around the way I look, my clothes, my attitude, and where I'm different from other people. They come up with every lie and conspiracy theory they can think of."
He also pointed out that adults seem to be shifting the issue of the story because they don't want to face the climate or environmental crisis.
To be honest, I don't understand why adults spend so much time sneering and threatening teenagers and children.
To be able to do another good thing in that time.
I guess they feel threatened by us.
But don't spend your time paying interest to them any more.
The world is starting to wake up.
Change is coming.
Whether adults like it or not, it's not.
See you on the street on Friday!
On the previous Friday, the 20th, there were strikes over climate change in New York and other parts of the world.
Greta had called for it to be held on Friday, the 27th.
Huff Post Japan Editorial Department
[Program Council] Akita TV (Sankei Shimbun) - Yahoo! News
Akita TV's 432nd Broadcasting Program Council (Chairman Ebata Kiyohiko) was held to discuss "Really Delicious Akita Curry Recommended by Editors, Cooking Professionals and Celebrities" broadcast on August 16th.
The program introduced each recommended curry restaurant, points to enjoy professional flavors at home, and the secret story of the birth of the special retort curry.
Members of the committee said, "It was simple and the concept and theme were clear," "It was watched with interest until the end. Curry bread appeared and there was a tempo," and "I was able to see it from a different point of view from a gourmet site," while others said, "It was a long reenactment drama," and "I wanted one-point advice on professional curry making."
Hoshino Rikuya: "I learned a lot from the rough grass, which is different from usual" Aiming for the prize money king in reverse (Golf Network) - Yahoo! News
The final round of the Sin Handunhe Open, co-hosted by the Japan-Korea Asia Tour, was held at Bear's Best Cheongna Golf Club (7238-yard, par-71) in South Korea on the 22nd, with Hoshino Rikuya turning around with a 68 with one eagle, two birdies and one bogey, finishing the tournament in fifth place with a total of 9 under, the top of the Japanese team.
[VIDEO] Coming to Japan!
Garcia's wedge shot
I was able to stretch it to a certain extent in the first half, so I thought I could go with that momentum in the second half, but my putter didn't go well and I couldn't stretch it, so that was frustrating.
Did you see the victory with an eagle on the 6th and a birdie on the 7th?
Even after I made a bogey on the 4th, I still had a par-5 left, so I was doing it with the feeling of getting it back, and a chip-in eagle came on the 6th.
I got a birdie in the 7th and it was a chance, but I was frustrated that I couldn't extend it in the second half.
What did you gain from this tournament?
I haven't been in good shape recently (with my shots), so it was good to be able to keep it well even on a course with narrow fairways.
Rough was also a course where the order and reverse eyes were different and the way of hitting and the distance changed, so I didn't have much (experience), so I learned a lot.
What is the difference from the usual tournament?
It was possible to take pictures with a camera (such as a smartphone).
I didn't care at all, but the gallery took a lot of videos.
There were not many other things that changed, but since it was a tournament where there were few Japanese players co-hosted, I went to the game with the feeling that "I will not lose to overseas players".
The second half of the tournament will continue from now on, but if you don't win more than one, you won't be able to aim for the prize money king, so I want to win another one, and there will be a ZOZO championship up close, so I will do my best to get to the top and qualify for that tournament.
How do you prevent dementia and keep it to the level of "forgetting things"?
Interview and text by Watanabe Yo
A drug for dementia that has been frustrated by the challenges of research and development by major pharmaceutical companies and university hospitals.
However, the relationship between dementia and lifestyle habits is being elucidated, and it is becoming clear that there is a possibility that it can be kept to the extent that it is extremely mild and forgotten.
We spoke with Professor Otsuki Shunsuke of the Stroke Center, Kindai University Hospital.
Dementia is not going away
Dementia prevention and treatment drugs are eagerly awaited, but what is the current situation?
Otsuki: From mild to severe, everyone can get dementia as they get older, regardless of the degree.
However, it is still thought it will take more than 20 years for a new dementia drug to be developed.
Donepezil, a drug often used in Japan, is already no longer covered by insurance in some countries overseas, so it is not expected to have a significant cure effect.
On the other hand, deaths from infectious diseases and accidents have decreased, and cancer deaths have also decreased due to remarkable advances in the treatment of anticancer drugs, and people are now able to live longer.
Therefore, it is also true that the number of dementia patients is on the rise.
It is not something that can be solved by oneself or one's family alone, but it is necessary to create an environment where society as a whole can live with peace of mind in the community.
How to keep it to the level of "forgetting things"
Is there anyone who is more likely to get dementia or less likely to get dementia?
Even if it is inevitable that you will get Otsuki dementia, there is a possibility that you will be able to keep the symptoms as low as possible and keep them to the level of "forgetting things".
Dementia is considered to be one of the lifestyle-related diseases, and it tends to be more common in people who are more likely to develop it.
First of all, people with metabolites are more likely to get dementia.
Dementia is regarded as one of the lifestyle-related diseases.
It is a combination of obesity, high blood pressure, diabetes and hypercholesterolemia.
The presence or absence of economic power also affects.
For example, in the United States, there are areas where food tickets are distributed to the poor, but the food you get with food tickets is frozen hamburgers, pizzas and chicken that can be stored.
It is available to people living in an environment where they can't use gas or electricity and can't cook in the first place.
Then you end up with a diet that is low in vegetables and protein, and you end up living a life that is biased towards lipids and carbohydrates.
Eventually, they become poor but obese, and the only thing they do is watch TV, and they become disabled.
A similar situation could be the case in Japan.
In addition, people who do not think about things or work are also more likely to get dementia.
In other words, in order to prevent dementia, it is necessary to read books and think about things on a daily basis, not to become a metabolite.
Okayama Sightseeing and Specialty Products PR in Osaka Bicchu Marche Mankido VR also appeared: Sanyo Newspaper Digital | San-digital
"Okayama Sunny Country Bicchu Marche" (organized by the Bicchu Prefectural Bureau and others), which promotes sightseeing spots and specialty products in the Bicchu area, started on the 27th at the plaza of JR Osaka Station for two days.
Earlier this month, Niimi City, which was hit by local heavy rain, set up a virtual reality experience corner in Mankido to promote its appeal to people in the Kansai area.
Seven cities and towns, Kurashiki, Kasaoka, Ihara, Soja, Niimi, Asaguchi and Yakake, participated.
There was a corner that included making fans using masking tape (Kurashiki), making denim key chains (Ihara) and making kaleidoscopes related to the observatory's telescopes (Asaguchi), and station users stopped by.
In the virtual reality experience of Mankido, visitors used special goggles to simulate walking around the cave.
A woman (52) from Itami City, Hyogo Prefecture, said, "If I turned left, I could see the scenery on the left, and if I looked right, I could see the scenery on the right, so I felt like I was really walking inside. If I had the opportunity, I would like to experience the real Mankido."
Takanofuji's younger brother, Takanofuji, expresses his regret for his actions, deviating from his guidance | Shizuoka Newspaper @ S
On the 28th, Makuuchi Takanofuji, the twin brother of Jiryo Takanofuji, who was forced to retire voluntarily by the Japan Sumo Association for assaulting a sumo wrestler in a grand sumo tournament, was charged with acts that deviated from the scope of his guidance, and expressed his regret, saying, "I firmly accept it. I will start from the negative, not the zero."
He was interviewed at Ryogoku Kokugikan in Tokyo, where he participated in the flower sumo tournament.
Takanofuji held a press conference on the 27th in which he hoped to continue his activities.
Takagenji learned of the press conference and advised him to stop, but since then he has been unable to contact him.
She said, "I grew up in the same environment, but my brother and I have different ways of thinking."
Jaguar F-Pace to make first major improvement... Possibility of hybrid (Response) - Yahoo! News
Jaguar's first crossover SUV, the F-Pace, has been captured for the first time by a camera in southern Europe.
The F-Pace originated from the C-X17, a 4-seater concept vehicle that was first unveiled in 2013.
A 5-seater version was released in 2014, and made its official debut as "F-Pace" at the 2015 Frankfurt Motor Show.
The first current model was released in 2016, and this is the first facelift.
The prototype is covered with thick camouflage, but some of the new designs can be seen.
The headlight is more compact and thin, and the side air intake seems to have been modified to a sporty oval shape.
The grill is completely disguised, but there is no doubt it will be redesigned.
At the rear end, you can see some of the revamped taillights with elongated reverse lights at the top.
It seems that the design that goes around to the side like the current model may have been modified compactly.
The cabin is expected to be equipped with the company's Pivi Pro touch-screen infotainment system, as well as a new digital cluster, HVAC control screen, steering wheel and gear receiver.
The power train is expected to be a 2.0-liter inline 4-cylinder turbodiesel, as well as a hybrid 3.0-liter inline 6-cylinder indicator.
The world premiere is likely to be in 2020.
A company that provides 300 million yen to a former assistant who surges sales due to nuclear power plant construction | Shizuoka Newspaper @ S
Kansai Electric Power's head office in Osaka on the afternoon of the 27th (from Kyodo News Agency helicopter)
Kansai Electric Power Chairman Yagi Makoto (69) and others had received money and goods from Moriyama Eiji (who died in March of this year at the age of 90), a former assistant in Takahama-cho, Fukui Prefecture, where the Kanden Takahama Nuclear Power Plant is located, and the local construction company that provided Moriyama with about 300 million yen has seen a significant increase in sales over the past few years due to orders for nuclear power plant construction.
The construction company is Yoshida Development, which was established in 1981.
According to a credit research firm, sales were 350 million yen in the fiscal year ended August 2013, but exceeded 1 billion yen in the fiscal year ended August 2015, and exceeded 2.1 billion yen in the fiscal year ended August 2018.
Many of the work was done by Kansai Electric Power's nuclear power plant construction.
Aori driving "I'm going to kill you" man arrested in Kagoshima on suspicion of threatening (KTS Kagoshima TV) - Yahoo! News
On the 24th of this month, a 33-year-old unemployed man was arrested on suspicion of persistently chasing a vehicle on a national highway in Kagoshima and threatening to kill the man who was driving it.
The suspect, Miyahara Masaru (33), an unemployed man from Karaminato 4-chome, Kagoshima, was arrested on suspicion of intimidation.
According to the police, Miyahara is suspected of persistently chasing a vehicle driven by a 24-year-old man on a national highway in Kagoshima just after midnight on the 24th of this month, and threatening the man with "I'm going to kill you" at an intersection.
On the 25th, the man had filed a report of damage and the police were investigating, but on the afternoon of the 26th, Miyahara, accompanied by a friend, turned himself in to the police station and was arrested, saying, "I was scared when the video of Aori driving was picked up on TV and social media."
The suspect, Miyahara, has admitted the charges and said he was "forced to brake suddenly" about his motive.
The police are investigating the suspect, Miyahara, who is also suspected of driving without a license.
News: Keiichiro Koyama's daily meal is now available!
< Tokyo MX "Koyama Keiichiro's Kenja no Border 30" > (The Television) - Yahoo! News
On Friday, September 27th, the third edition of the new health promotion variety "Koyama Keiichiro's Kenja no Border 30: A Divide to Health Guided by a Specialist" (Tokyo MX), which is hosted by News' Koyama Keiichiro, will be broadcast.
Comments from Koyama, who had finished recording, also arrived.
[View image]
In order to stay healthy in the future, it is important to spend time in your thirties... Keiichiro Koyama will learn about health!
This program is a "health program for young people" in which Koyama, 35 years old and starting to worry about his own health, learns what he wants to know about his health.
The show will feature specialists from a variety of fields who will answer questions from Koyama and his guests.
The theme of this time is "Vitamin".
Guests will include Nozawa Naoko and Diana Extra Baganza, who will learn about the types of vitamins and how they work.
In addition, Koyama, who is always concerned about his health, plans to publish his daily diet to see if he has enough vitamins.
After the recording, Koyama commented, "I think many people seem to know how vitamins are related to their health but don't understand it, and I hope this program will solve the misconception that they have about vitamins that it is not possible to take only specific vitamins!"
Onsarigo helped Nagai and elementary school track and field pacemakers, and the three of them broke the tournament record | Yamagata Newspaper
Children running hard in the women's 800 meters.
On the left is pacemaker Joseph Onsarigo at Koyo Seiki Athlete Field Nagai, Nagai.
Nagai Elementary School Friendship Track and Field Tournament was held on the 26th at Koyo Seiki Athlete Field Nagai (city track and field stadium), and Joseph Onsarigo (27), a long distance runner from Nasu Construction Co., Ltd., from Kenya, served as the pacemaker for some of the races.
With his light running, he set a new record for the three players in the tournament.
Onsarigo led the children in a total of four races, men's 1000 meters and women's 800 meters.
For men, Koseki Chiya (6th year student of Hirano Elementary School) in first place set a time of 3: 4.38, for women, Shigama Rara (6th year student of Isazawa Elementary School) in first place set a time of 2: 34.17, and Asano Rin (6th year student of Nagai Elementary School) in second place set a time of 2: 35.73, each exceeding the tournament record.
Koseki said, "It was hard to keep up with the fast Onsarigo, but I was able to put up with it," and Shigama said, "Onsarigo told me to pace up."
Onsarigo was delighted, saying, "The children's running was good. I was able to do a perfect job."
This is the 39th time the tournament has been organized by the Nagai City Elementary School Sports Promotion Association and other organizations in an attempt to deepen friendship among sixth-grade elementary school students in the city.
Nishida Toshiyuki dismissed jealous melamera Nakao Akira as "different level" "I came out in red and white three times" (Sports Hochi) - Yahoo! News
Actors Nishijima Hidetoshi (48), Nishida Toshiyuki (71) and Nakao Akira (77) gave stage greetings on the first day of the release of the movie "Ninkyo Gakuen" (based on Konno Satoshi and directed by Kimura Hisashi) at TOHO Cinemas Shinjuku on the 27th.
It is a social comedy with a unique and dark cast.
In addition to performing, Nishida also performed an arranged version of "Until the Day we meet again" as an insert song in a tag team with the Tokyo Ska Paradise Orchestra.
Nakao was jealous of this, saying, "The most frustrating thing about watching the movie was that Nishida was singing."
As Nishida boasts, "I've appeared in" Kohaku "three times in the past. If possible, I'd like you to say I'm a singer rather than an actor. (from Nakao) The level is different."
He promised to perform a live song, saying, "If this film continues to be packed, then."
Okayama Art Exchange, a cutting-edge art that brings you to a different world, opens in the city centre: Sanyo Newspaper Digital | San-digital
People go around the classroom where the video work depicting the future 3000 years from now was set = former Uchiyamashita Elementary School
"Okayama Art Exchange 2019", an international art exhibition held every three years in central Okayama (organized by the executive committee created by the city, prefecture, etc.), opened on the 27th.
In line with the enigmatic title "IF T H E Snake Moshi Snake", art fans from Japan and abroad are enjoying the cutting-edge art created by 18 artists from 9 countries.
This is the second time in 16 years that the French artist Pierre Huig has been invited as artistic director to create works that make use of Okayama's climate and local resources.
About 40 works, including videos and three-dimensional works, will be shown at 13 locations, including the former Uchiyamashita Elementary School (Marunouchi, Kita-ku, Okayama) and Tenjinyama Cultural Plaza (Tenjin-cho, Okayama).
Prior to the opening, an opening ceremony was held at the same elementary school, attended by about 100 people.
Mayor Omori Masao, chairman of the executive committee, and general producer Ishikawa Yasuharu said, "We have a collection of works that stimulate intellectual sensibilities and stimulate imagination and creativity. I hope this exhibition will attract attention from all over the world," and cut the tape.
Families and children studying outside the school immediately visited the school yard to see a snake-shaped robot that twisted its body in response to the sounds around it, and to visit the school building, which has been transformed into a stage for a video work depicting the world 3,000 years from now.
They enjoyed the art that brought them to a different world.
A first-year high school student (15) from Tokyo who is traveling with his father said, "The work that makes use of the atmosphere of the old school building is interesting. It makes you imagine the time that flowed to this place."
The museum is closed on Mondays (the next day if it is a national holiday) until November 24th.
Hong Kong Umbrella Movement Tens of thousands rally in 5 years, aiming for universal suffrage | Shizuoka Newspaper @ S
Five years have passed since the Umbrella Movement began, and people gathered at the rally venue in Hong Kong on the 28th (joint)
Hong Kong (Reuters) - On the 28th, five years after the Umbrella Movement, a mass demonstration in 2014 calling for the democratization of the election of Hong Kong's executive director, tens of thousands of people gathered in a park near the Hong Kong government headquarters building in Admiral, where the demonstrators' largest base was located.
Around the venue, some young people occupied the main road and threw flaming bottles at the government building.
As the protests, triggered by the proposed amendment to the Fugitive Offices Ordinance, continued, the participants renewed their determination to fight until a "true universal suffrage" was realized, which they could not win at the time.
The protests, which began in earnest in June, have now lasted 112 days, more than the 79 days of the Umbrella Movement, and the demands of the demonstrators have expanded to "five major demands", including reform of the electoral system.
Ibaraki National Sports Festival opens today 28th | Sports | Saga Shimbun News | Saga Shimbun Live
The 74th National Sports Festival "Ikiiki Ibaraki Yume National Sports Festival 2019" will be held on the 28th at Kasamatsu Sports Park Athletics Stadium in Hitachinaka City, Ibaraki Prefecture, and 11 days of heated competition will start until October 8th.
About 400 players and managers from Saga Prefecture participated in 33 competitions, except for the one held before the exhibition, and challenged strong players from all over the country with pride in their hometown.
The prefectural government had been in a slump of 43rd place for three years in a row until the year before last, but moved up to 33rd place last year.
Strengthening is also underway for the National Sports Tournament to be held in the prefecture in 2023, with the goal of finishing in the first half of the 20th place this year.
In the pre-exhibition competition held by the 16th, Saga Girls' High School for rhythmic gymnastics boys and girls, as well as adult gymnastics girls and boys and girls, both won 6th place and gained momentum.
I would like to follow the flow of each competition and aim to advance to the top.
At the general opening ceremony, 83 prefectural players, managers and headquarters officials entered the 40th march, with rugby boy and boy Ishikawa Kugo (Saga Institute of Technology) serving as the standard-bearer.
On the first day, there will be three competitions: wrestling, table tennis and karatedo.
