Nana Suzuki of 2nd place in "Dislike Woman Ranking", confessing the episode such as "too rude body touch" (The Television) - Yahoo! News
"Don't be like me, Mr. Jijiri" on Monday, September 30th! (Every Monday at 0:20-0:50, TV Asahi series), Nana Suzuki took the stage as "Dr. Jiri".
The studio is in a state of turmoil and shows an episode.
[View photos] studio all don pull?
Nana Suzuki demonstrates "too rude body touch"
In addition, from midnight immediately after terrestrial broadcasting, the full class version and the comedy research department will be distributed on AbemaTV's "Abema Video".
In this broadcast, Suzuki appears as "a teacher who was hated so much by the world without knowing if he worked hard with all his might" and gives a class.
Suzuki made her modeling debut in a gal magazine in 2007 at the age of 18.
Since his first appearance on a TV show in 2011, he has been active in the variety with high-tension talks and overreaction.
Suzuki won first place in the "Variety and Other Categories" of the "Dislike Woman Ranking" published in a weekly magazine this year of the year of the Reiwa.
In addition, he was selected as the second place in the entertainment industry as a whole.
As a result, Suzuki reveals that his mother was shocked and his husband was also being played with at work, causing trouble to his relatives.
In class, he looks back on Suzuki's history as a talent, how he came to win the top spot in the "disliked female ranking".
It is said that it was from a word of a certain senior entertainer in the background of suzuki's excessive talk and reaction.
In addition, Suzuki gradually escalated its radicality not only as a reaction but also as "all-out body touch" and "all-out story".
In the past, Suzuki demonstrated the body touch he had been performing with his big co-stars, but the rudeness shook all the studios.
Then, immediately after the terrestrial broadcast, the full version of the class and the comedy research department were distributed.
Suzuki's Galser (Gal's Circle) The hilarious episodes of the era and the "private secret story with her husband" that had been exposed to liven up the scene are also revealed nakedly.
Setouchi City adds its own "electronic gift certificate" to return goods by hometown tax payment: Sanyo Shimbun Digital
Electronic gift certificate "e-street gift".
Settle by contacting a dedicated device
Setouchi City announced on July 27 that it will add its own electronic gift certificate "e-street gift" to the return goods of the hometown tax payment.
It is available at member stores in the city from November.
It is said that it is the first time in the municipality in the prefecture.
If you pay your hometown tax and choose an electronic gift certificate as a return gift, 30% of the donation amount will be sent to the designated smartphone.
It shows the screen of the gift certificate at the time of product purchase, the store side settles by contacting the stamp type dedicated equipment.
It cannot be transferred or resold.
Return goods usually require a certain amount of time from application to arrival, but electronic gift certificates can be received instantly.
It is easy for tourists to use.
In addition to five hometown tax portal sites, it is also accepted on the city's two special sites.
The company currently has 13 member stores, aiming to reach 100 by the end of this fiscal year.
In June, the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications established a new system to limit local products by setting the amount raised by return goods to less than 30% of the donation amount in order to prevent excessive competition among local governments.
The city says it plans to make merchants handle local products within the guidelines.
Setouchi City's hometown tax payment in FY18 is approximately 430 million yen.
Japan fail to advance to men's 100 finals on World Athletics Day 2 - Shizuoka Shimbun At-S
Sani Brown Hakeem (left) started the men's 100-meter semi-final.
We couldn't make it to the final.
Shohide Kiryu (left) finished in the men's 100-meter semi-final.
The second day of the World Championships in Athletics took place in Doha on August 28, and sani brown hakeem (University of Florida) and Koike Yuki (Sumitomo Electric) and Shohide Kiryu (Nippon Life) were not the first Japanese players to advance to the finals in the men's 100-meter semi-finals.
Japanese record holder Sani Brown finished fifth in a group in 10.15 seconds, Koike finished in 2 groups in 10.28, and Kiryu finished in 3 groups and 6 in 10.16.
In the men's 400-meter obstacle semi-final, three sets of Yasube Takaaki (Yamada Electric) finished third in 48.97 seconds, and two sets of Masaki Toyoda (Hodai) both missed the final in the eighth place in 50.30 seconds.
Driving in high heels is dangerous!
Young people's misstep in pedaling accidents (Auto Mese Web) - Yahoo! News
Violations that violate the Road Traffic Act
It is a big mistake to think that it is a problem only for the elderly driver though the report of the accident by the wrong operation such as the misstep of the pedal increases and attention is paid attention.
According to the number of misstep accidents by age group (2015 National Police Agency data), the highest number of mistopping accidents was 1080 people under the age of 24, exceeding 1032 cases over the age of 75.
Mistakes are not common among the elderly, and it is important to call attention to young people in the same way.
Do you want to take the fashion of the foot?
Do you want to take safety?
Although there is no description of the ratio and cause of men and women in this data, unlike the elderly people who are often thought to come from the decline of the body, such as driving skills and reflexes, and careless mistakes in being distracted by other things such as music and conversation in young people, it is also conceivable to miss step due to clothes and the like.
Especially, there is a person who chooses various shoes according to clothes of the day such as high heels, pumps, sandals, mules, and drives as it is.
Some people know that it is not suitable for driving, but there are many people who do not think about the possibility of leading to danger at all, and are driving without offense.
However, driving in high heels and sandals violates the Road Traffic Law.
Article 70, "Violation of duty to drive safely", which stipulates that "the steering wheel, brakes, and other operations must not be operated reliably" and "do not drive in a way that causes an accident and harms the person."
And the other is Article 71, "Violation of Compliance with the Public Safety Commission," which stipulates that the driver must comply with the matters specified by each prefectural Public Safety Commission, for example, in article 12 of the Enforcement Bylaws of the Miyazaki Prefectural Road Traffic Law, "wearing footwear in a manner that may interfere with bald, slippers, tights, high heels, and other driving operations, or footwear in a manner that interferes with driving operations, and vehicles (excluding light vehicles). Do not drive. There is a sentence.
The same applies to the effect that each prefecture considers driving in "footwear that may interfere with driving operation" is a violation, even if it is not specified as high heels.
Then, why is driving in high heels dangerous?
It's obvious given the basics of pedaling safely.
For safe and reliable pedal operation, first fix the heel of the foot to the floor, place the foot so that it is perpendicular to the brake pedal, when stepping on the accelerator pedal tilt the foot to the right as a support point.
At this time, regardless of the behavior of the car, it is important to firmly fix the heel so as not to shake.
However, in high heels the area where the heel is grounded to the floor is small, and always blurring, because the angle is attached to the entire foot at the height of the heel, the area of the foot to be grounded to the pedal also can not be stepped firmly becomes smaller, it becomes difficult to fine adjustment.
This is considered to be dangerous.
In addition, most cars have floor carpets, but this material is easy to get caught heel heels of the high heel, or the pedal can not be stepped on when the heel is sudden braking, the high heel is removed at the time when the heel is caught, there is also a case where you can not step stuck in the back of the pedal.
In addition, the heel is caught in the back of the pedal when returning after stepping on the pedal, the accelerator pedal is no longer returned, there is also a case that.
Toyota to make Subaru an equity method affiliate Accelerate joint development of new AWD vehicles and 86/BRZ next-generation models (Response) - Yahoo! News
Toyota Motor Corp. and Subaru (Subaru) agreed on September 27 to enter into a new business and capital tie-up.
Toyota will acquire an additional share of Subaru and become an affiliate of the equity method.
Since the agreement was reached in 2005 in a business alliance, the two companies have been working together to develop Subaru's contract production of Toyota vehicles, supply of vehicles from Toyota to Subaru, and jointly develop the 86 and BRZ FR sports cars.
In June this year, the company also agreed to develop ev-only platforms and EV vehicles utilizing Subaru's AWD (all-wheel drive) technology and Toyota's electrification technology.
Toyota will acquire an additional Subaru stake in the business capital tie-up agreed this time.
Currently held by Toyota, the shares of Subaru have a voting rights ratio of 16.83%, but the company will acquire an additional share until it reaches 20%.
Subaru will become an equity method affiliate of Toyota.
Subaru, on the other hand, will acquire Toyota shares equivalent to the same amount (up to 80 billion yen) as toyota took to acquire Subaru shares.
The two companies developed and strengthened their cooperative relationship through a business and capital alliance.
The company will jointly develop AWD and 86/BRZ next-generation models, expand the installation of THS (Toyota Hybrid System) on Subaru vehicles, collaborate in connected fields, and collaborate with technology in the field of autonomous driving.
U.S. receives refugees at a minimum of three consecutive years, 18,000 people - Shizuoka Shimbun At-S
WASHINGTON -- The U.S. Department of State today announced plans to reduce the maximum number of refugees from around the world to 18,000 in fiscal 2020 (October 19 to September 20).
The lowest number since 1980, when the Refugee Act was enacted, will be renewed for the third consecutive year.
The Trump administration is aiming to appeal strict immigration and refugee policies to conservatives in the run-up to next year's presidential election.
With there are constant people being driven from the country in various places, it is inevitable that criticism comes out from human rights groups and others.
The former Obama administration set a limit of 110,000 for fiscal 2017, but the Trump administration, which was inaugurated in January 2017, overturned this and reduced it to 50,000.
The number of employees has been decreasing year by year to 45,000 in FY18 and 30,000 in FY19.
Non-authorized childcare facility to raise the price of flights or make it free of charge, Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare confirms: Hokkaido Shimbun What's the electronic version
The Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare has written by the 28th to check for similar cases in prefectures and government ordinance cities nationwide and to provide guidance as necessary, as the case that is thought to be an increase in the price of flights involving government subsidies was confirmed at non-authorized childcare facilities prior to making early childhood education and childcare free of charge starting in October.
According to the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare, several facilities have been confirmed, such as raising the usage fee for three-year-olds and above who are eligible for subsidies, and raising prices from October.
There were also complaints about the call center set up by the Cabinet Office.
The Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare says that there should be no price increases for no reason.
"D-8" Torch of the 100th National Sports Festival on Dokdo
A torch was set on the easternmost dokdo (Dokto, Japanese name, Takeshima) in South Korea to announce the 100th National Sports Festival( National Encyclopedia).
At 6:30 a.m. on June 26, Seoul held a torch ignition event commemorating the national athletic meet at the helicoputer landing site of the Dokdo Guard in Ulleung County, Gyeongsangbuk-do Province.
It is the first time in 15 years since the 85th Tournament in Chungbuk in 2004 that the torch of the national athletic meet was ignited in Dokdo.
Following a kite-flying performance to pray for peace, Seoul City Council Vice Chairman Kim Seong-hwan read out the declaration.
Vice-Chairman Kim said, "I remembered the past 99 years of the national athletic meet and stood on Dokdo to honor the hard will of ethnic self-determination," and said, "100 years ago, my people wanted to make a brilliant history of the three and one movement and the establishment of the Government of the Republic of Korea, and added the 100-year history of the national athletic meet on that history."
The greeting of the head of Ulleung County continued, too.
Kim Bjöns, head of Ulleung County, said, "Recently, for no reason in Japan, we have tightened our economy and claimed that Dokdo is our own territory," and stressed that "all the people should be one and overcome this through this national athletic meet."
Vice Chairman Kim and The Head of The County Kim both set fire to the torch.
The torch was given to the first runner, Ho Won-seok, and Ho Joseph, the first runner, after the hands of Cho Seong-ho, the head of the torch's head of sports in Seoul.
The Dokdo torch ignition event was scheduled for the 21st, but was postponed to this day in the north of Typhoon No. 17.
Captain Ho Won-seok, who has been working in Dokdo since January this year, said, "It's lonely and hard, but I'm working with pride that no one can protect my territory," and "It's an honor to be a runner in the torch relay as we celebrate the 100th anniversary of the athletic meet in Dokdo."
Captain Ho inherited from the helicopter landing site to the middle of Dokdo, and the O crew inherited from the middle point to the dock.
The torch will be moved to Ulleungdo island, and Kim Sung-ho and Kim County's head of the Ulleung County people will move to Seoul by relay in order at Kannonjima Renjima Bridge.
The torch began on October 22 at Chamsondan, Canfado.
Since it is the 100th time, the torch relay will also be held at the largest scale in history.
The torch of Manisan (Manisan) and the star altar will go around Incheon (Incheon), Gaoyang (Koyang) and Suwon (Suwon).
The torch of Gangwa Island will be lit as a single firework after combining with special ignitions held in Imjingaku, Mara Island (Malad) and Dokdo this month at Seoul Square on 29th.
On the other hand, Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon explained through a media briefing on May 25 that "now is an era when the power of collective intelligence is important rather than a few heroes", and "therefore, the basic concept of the national athletic meet has also been decided to 'many stars'."
Korea-Bulgaria Summit Meeting Discussion on Measures to Expand Cooperation in Nuclear Power Plants and Defense Industries (Analysis News) - Yahoo! News
Seoul News: South Korean President Moon Jae-in met with Bulgarian Prime Minister Borisov during an official visit to South Korea on Wednesday to discuss substantial measures to expand cooperation between the two countries.
This is the first visit to South Korea by the Bulgarian Prime Minister.
President Moon welcomed his visit to South Korea ahead of the 30th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations next year, and praised the leadership of Prime Minister Borisov, who is leading bulgaria's development.
The two Prime Ministers appreciated the continued increase in trade and investment between the two countries amid widespread protectionism, and agreed to work together to expand economic cooperation in the future.
President Moon welcomed Bulgaria's policy of granting South Korean companies a position as a "strategic investor" and said he hoped that this would be used to promote Korean companies' investment in Bulgaria.
He also stressed that South Korea could become the best partner for Bulgaria as Bulgaria promotes the introduction of nuclear power plants and the modernization of its national defense, and called for interest and cooperation so that Korean companies can participate in the Bulgarian government's ordering of nuclear power plants and promoting the defense industry.
In addition, the two leaders agreed to strengthen future-oriented cooperation in the battery and automotive parts and renewable energy sectors of electric vehicles (EVs).
Prime Minister Borisov hoped that closer cooperation would also be carried out in the fields of ICT (information and communication technology), science and technology and education, which are led by South Korea.
He also discussed the peace process on the Korean Peninsula, and President Moon thanked the South Korean government for its support for the South Korean government's efforts to establish peace on the Korean Peninsula, including bulgaria's statement in support of the North-South-U.S.-North Korea summit meeting.
Prime Minister Borisov reiterated the Government of Bulgaria's firm support, praising President Moon's will to build a peace regime on the Korean Peninsula and the efforts of the South Korean government.
The meeting was attended by Mr. Sung Yun-mo, Secretary of the Ministry of Industry, Trade and Resources, Lee Ho-sun, Chief Economic Secretary of the Presidential Office, and Kim Hyun-jong, Second Director of the National Security Council.
On behalf of Mr. Kang Kyung-hwa, The Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Mr. Cho Se-young, the first vice-暎 of the department, was also present.
Local industry in Awaji Island, Hyogo, Ceramics manufactured by Awaji Tile filed quasi-self-bankruptcy, liabilities of about 2 billion yen (Teikoku Data Bank) - Yahoo! News
The sluggish housing market and the repeated earthquake damage also affected the progress of consumer tile roofs.
Ceramics Co., Ltd. (TDB Corporate Code: 530173983, capital 99.2 million yen, 881-8 Otani, Awaji City, Hyogo Prefecture, Representative Kozo Fukuhara, and 44 employees) filed for quasi-self-bankruptcy with the Kobe District Court on August 30.
The applicant is Daichi Yoshida (1-10-8 Nishitenman, Kita-ku, Osaka, Osaka Prefecture, Daichi Yoshida Law Office, telephone 06-6365-6038) and one others.
Our company was founded in June 1895 and reorganized in April 1961.
Initially, we started our business as an ibushi tile manufacturer, a local industry in Awaji Island, in Nishi-Awacho (now Minami-Awaji City) in Mihara-gun, under the trade name of Ceramics Co., Ltd.
In October 1986, the company merged with Kyowa Ceramics Co., Ltd. and succeeded the business of Sangyo Co., Ltd., and at the same time moved its head office to its current trade name.
After that, we opened sales bases in Fukuyama City, Hiroshima City, Oita City, Miyazaki City, etc. and it became the current system, and it was mainly made of ibushi tiles before, but now western tiles such as flat tiles were manufactured at a rate of 70% such as flat tiles and 30% of Japanese tiles such as ibushi tiles due to changes in consumer needs.
In the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004, the Company established a wide range of sales bases, mainly in western Japan, including major house manufacturers, building materials trading companies, and roof construction companies, and recorded annual sales of approximately 3,116 million yen in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004.
As a tile manufacturer of Awaji Island, it had a suitable name recognition.
However, demand for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 fell to approximately 1,345 million yen due to sluggish housing market conditions since the Lehman shock and the repeated damage to the earthquake, including the Great East Japan Earthquake and the Kumamoto Earthquake.
In terms of earnings, in addition to the decline in profit margins associated with soaring fuel prices, the company was forced to run into a continuous deficit due to excessive interest-bearing debt associated with inventory burdens and capital investment, forcing a severe cash flow.
For this reason, although business restructuring was made by asking financial institutions to ease the repayment conditions for debt, there was no sign of recovery in business conditions, and the cash flow was gradually tight.
After coming here, we gave up business continuity without support, and this measure was taken.
Debt is currently under investigation, but is expected to be about 2 billion yen.
Prefectural Dinosaur Museum in Katsuyama City, Fukui Prefecture (photographed by Japanese aerial and small drone)
On September 25, Katsuyama City, Fukui Prefecture, announced plans to acquire approximately 25,300 square meters of land (Arato-cho, Fukui Prefecture) adjacent to the construction site of the dinosaur valley Katsuyama, a roadside station that will open next spring.
In order to accelerate the "industrialization of tourism" advocated by the city and the local business community, the company aims to attract hotels and restaurants specializing in accommodation.
The board members explained at the Special Committee on The Establishment of Visitor Centers of the City Council on the same day.
In addition to the opening of the Hokuriku Shinkansen in the spring of 2023, the city intends to shift from a one-day tour center to stay-type tourism, with a view to opening the entire prefectural section of the Chubu Kankan Expressway and the expansion and renovation of the Prefectural Dinosaur Museum (Katsuyama City) and enhancement of functions, and to attract accommodation facilities around the center of the day trip.
To get a private idle land next to the road station construction site east.
Surrounded by the Kuzuryu River, Takinami River, and prefectural roads, it is more than twice the size of a roadside station (approximately 12,000 square meters).
Under the pretext of developing industrial complexes, the Municipal Land Development Corporation will proceed with land negotiations this fiscal year, and after acquiring land, land will be constructed in FY21.
According to the city, private businesses such as farmer's restaurants and harvest experience facilities, fast food, and restaurants have already approached the company to expand into the market.
As for the accommodation facilities, it was also revealed that Sekisui House is making a name for itself as a city in attracting accommodation-specific hotels adjacent to roadside stations planned throughout the country.
Sekisui House is scheduled to expand to three locations in Fukui Prefecture, but several other cities and towns have indicated their intention to attract them, and there is a possibility that they will compete.
In addition, the city is planning to maintain a parking lot and other facilities.
Some members called for a speed-up, saying that the schedule for maintenance was slow, and others said, "Don't let any land fall asleep."
Vice Mayor Mikio Mizukami said he would like to bring to the fore the Prefectural Dinosaur Museum and Ski Jam Katsuyama to promote katsuyama's superiority, saying that he would like to promote katsuyama's superiority, after positioning it as an "industrial complex on the theme of tourism."
On the 7th day of the Hokushinetsu High School Baseball Fukui Prefecture Tournament in autumn, two semi-final matches will be held on September 28 at Fukui Prefectural Stadium.
If you win, you'll get a ticket to the Hokushinetsu tournament.
The only remaining Tsuruga kehi at Seed School is a face-to-face meeting with Hokuriku.
Shiga, who won a close game against Fukui Commercial in the quarterfinals, will clash with Hamizu, who are riding the momentum of this tournament.
All of The Shiga Kehi, which appears in the first game, have won so far in the cold.
In the first round of the game against Asuwa, the pitching engaged and it was a good win.
In the second round against Takefu Kogyo, Naoki Kasajima, who played at Koshien this summer, pitched five innings without conceding nine strikeouts and an ace's dignity.
He also had 15 hits in the quarterfinals against the Three Kingdoms, and he took on Hokuriku with a perfect stance.
[Team Introduction] Tsuruga Air Ratio - Koshien Battery Axis
Hokuriku, on the other hand, are gaining momentum with each game.
In the first round, they came back to the game against Fujishima and ran away with a one-goal lead.
In the second round, Mikakata's catch-up was overtaken and they also won by one goal.
In the quarterfinals, his batting line exploded and he beat Seed Sakai in the cold.
The pitching has been getting involved, and I want to get a ticket of Hokushinetsu by this flow.
[Team Introduction] Hokuriku - Batting Line with Explosive Power
Shiga, who appeared in the second game, won the game with a baseball team that defended mainly on the battery and won.
In the first round against Wakasa, the pitchers stepped on the pitching team and won the game with the fewest goals conceded.
They also conceded two goals against Takefu in the second round.
In the quarter-finals, it was a close match between seed Fukui Commercial and 10-9, but they must have gained more confidence by defeating a good school.
I want to take advantage of the solid defense to win the hamizu game.
[Team Introduction] Tsuruga - The winning opportunity on the battery axis
Hasui, on the other hand, defeated the seed Fukui Institute of Technology Fukui in the first match.
Taking advantage of the momentum, he won the game against Kanazu with a comeback victory with a single of the fourth batters from a difficult development.
The coach also said that he has "destructive power" and that the middle-axis batting line is also worth noting in the semi-finals.
[Team Introduction] Hamizu - Destructive Middle Axis Batting Line
Quarterfinals (September 28)
Tsuruga Kehi - Hokuriku (10:00 a.m.)
Tsuruga -Hasui (0:30 p.m.)
Canoeing, paid article that Japanese players miss semi-finals
Taekwondo, Takashi Matsui in second place paid article
BITPoint outflow of crypto assets worth 3 billion yen to resume service (Gentosha Gold Online) - Yahoo! News
In July of this year, "BITPoint" is a crypto asset exchange where 3 billion yen worth of bitcoin (BTC) and other assets were illegally leaked.
Bitpoint Japan Co., Ltd., the operator of the company, announced on September 30 that it will resume its crypto-asset sending (remittance) service.
It seems that a certain amount of attention was set out, including measures to prevent recurrence.
BITPoint leaked Bitcoin and Ripple in July this year
Bitpoint Japan Co., Ltd., which operates the crypto-asset exchange BITPoint, announced on September 27 that it plans to restart the service for sending crypto assets (remittance) services around 2:00 p.m. on Monday, September 30.
In addition to dealing with affected customers and interacting with the Financial Services Agency, it seems that there are certain prospects, including measures to prevent recurrence, such as the management system, including security.
Bitpoint Japan says it will "put safety first, restart the service as soon as possible, and strive to restore the trust of users."
In July this year, an illegal outflow of crypto assets worth 3 billion yen, including Bitcoin (BTC) and Ripple (XRP), occurred on the exchange.
At a subsequent press conference, he noted that "even if the compensation is deducted, there is a current account balance of about 3 billion yen" with regard to the continuation of the business, and "we aim to restart the service as soon as possible, assuming that the highest priority on user protection is the main premise."
This article was published in "CoinPost" on September 27, 2019.
Israel's "Messi II" Career Ninth Club Signs Deal with Club (SPORT.es) - Yahoo! News
Guy Aslin, who joined Barca at the age of 12, was once known as Messi II because of his outstanding play and style.
Time has passed and Guy Aslin, turned 28, joins a new team that will be his ninth club in his professional career.
The Pearl of The Talent Buried Cantera
Now that Anse Fati is getting the attention of those around him, there are many falls in football and there is a very effective example in the warning that there is no need to hurry.
Aslyn, who has exceptional skill but was abandoned by the luck needed to achieve success, signed a two-year contract with Poly Yasi, a member of Romania's first division.
The team, which is blue and white as a team color, is currently in fifth place in the league.
Guy Aslin made Barca's top debut at the age of 18 and six months against Kurtular Leonesa in the 2009/10 season.
After the season, however, he terminated his contract with Barca, where Aslin's long journey began.
He has never been on the same team for more than two seasons.
Manchester City, Brighton and Hove Albion (rental from City), Rasin Santander, Elkles, Mallorca, Hapoel Tel Aviv, Sabadell, Krayrat Almaty and now Poly Palm have become new clubs that have given the Israeli midfielder the opportunity to start their careers again.
Strengthening safety measures independently at Famisapo 35% of municipalities implemented, free child care at Shizuoka Shimbun
Bereaved families (right) and others of childcare accidents taking a press conference on the results of the survey results of the "Family Support Center Project" in the afternoon of May 27, Osaka Prefectural Office
A private survey found that 35% of municipalities implementing the Family Support Center Project (Famisapo), which connects parents who want to temporarily leave their children and assistance members who take care of their children in private homes, are strengthening their own safety measures.
Before being eligible for early childhood education and free childcare from October, bereaved families of childcare accidents have complained that "the government should establish strict standards."
A network of parents and experts who lost their children in accidents during childcare surveyed 921 local governments.
274 local governments responded.
The national guidelines require aid members to take emergency-saving training only.
Darvish summarizes this season "It's good for the difference in my life" (Tospo Web) - Yahoo! News
[From St. Louis, Missouri 27th (Japan time 28th)]
Cubs pitcher Darvish, 33, who finished this season's pitch after the possibility of making a playoff appearance, told internetnews.com, "I haven't done anything for about two days. However, it's boring to watch baseball without any purpose."
He started 31 games this season, winning six games and losing eight, with a defense rate of 3.98, but he threw 178 2/3 innings and struck out 229.
Especially in the second half, his pitching form stabilized and he continued to toss the opposing batter with outstanding ball control and overwhelming ball power.
"Right now, it's definitely going to be a different way of life. I never thought I'd feel that way when I was 33 years old. In the spring, I was thinking, 'I'm going to end up like this,' but when I came back from there, I felt like I couldn't believe I was able to get to a better position."
I've been getting a response since the beginning of June.
"I've been able to do more things every day, and I've been able to do more things a day."
Although there was trial and error, the condition improved remarkably by challenging the hypothesis that I made oneself one after another, and the result improved with it.
"I was thrown without being on the injury list throughout the year" also gave me confidence.
Darvish, who has the right to opt-out to terminate his contract after the end of the season, said: "We have to think about it from now on. "Basically, I don't have any complaints about this team and it's fun to talk to my agents and family."
He hasn't made a final conclusion, but his feelings seem to be getting stiff.
Yonezawa Ren rises to second place by one stroke Takumi Kanaya is 12th / Asia Ama (Golf Digest Online (GDO)) - Yahoo! News
Hyugako Shibuno got a cow.
Break Windred (Australia), who came out of the lead alone, played with a five-birdie, four-bogey "71".
He defended his position at 10-under.
Yonezawa Ren (2nd year student of Tohoku University of Welfare) and Lee Joon-min (Korea), who marked "67" with a six-birdie one-bogey, put it in second place.
In the rest of Japan, Yuto Katsuragawa (a third-year student at Nichidai), who came out of ninth place, played for "70" and moved up to fifth place.
Takumi Kanaya (3rd year student of Tohoku University of Welfare) and Keita Nakajima (1st year student of Nippon Sports University) are ranked 3-under 12th.
Hideun Yoshihara (University of California, Los Angeles) is 2-under 16th.
Kengo Aoshima (Wake Forest University) finished 59th in 9 overs and passed the qualifying round.
Japan Results on Day 2&gt; 2T / - 9 / Yonezawa Ren 5T / - 5 / Yuto Katsuragawa 12T / - 3 / Takumi Kanaya, Keita Nakajima 16T / - 2 / Hidesun Yoshihara 59T / +9 / Kengo Aoshima
Saga Heavy Rain and Support Circle&gt; Specialty Noodles "Toromen" Acting at Evacuation Centers Management Cooperative, Disaster Victims Cheering Up - Town Topics - Saga Shimbun News - Saga Shimbun LiVE
Children enjoying Omachi's soul food "Taromen" on their way home from the bath.
On the evening of the 25th, the Omachi Toromen Management Council (representative of Kensuke Suzuyama), which is made at a restaurant serving the famous noodle "Toromen" in Omachi-cho, served "Toromen" at Misato, a town general welfare center that serves as a shelter for heavy rain victims.
Soul food, which has been loved since the Kijima Coal Mine was located, cheered up the people affected by the disaster.
"The only thing we can do is make and eat tatoromen," he says.
Four restaurants on the menu cooperated to make 90 meals and carry them to the shelter with rice balls.
I put thin noodle noodles in a beef bone soup with ginger, and served a lot of ingredients such as pork (head) meat, shrimp, and vegetables.
Not only those who are living in shelters, but also those who came to the bath set up by the Self-Defense Forces provided a "taste of Omachi".
"I've been a fan since I was young, but it's been a year since I've eaten it. A man, 66, who says he remembers the old days, moved in about a year ago and said, "I ate it for the first time. Delicious. I want to go to the restaurant to eat this time," said the 20-year-old and 22-year-old siblings.
Mr. Kenichiro Fujise, vice president of the team who finished cooking, also came and cheered up, saying, "If there is anything I can do to get back to my daily life soon."
&lt;胆振東部地震から1年&gt; Water security even in the event of a power outage Installation of "water faucet" directly connected to water pipes Hakodate condominiums: Hokkaido Shimbun Doshin Electronic Edition
Measures are underway at condominiums in Hakodate City, where water outages occurred following the blackout throughout the area caused by the earthquake in the eastern part of the biliary force in September last year.
According to the Waterworks and Sewerage Department of the City Enterprise Bureau, seven condominiums have installed a watering plug that can produce water even in the event of a power outage in the first year after the earthquake.
There are about 400 apartments and private housing in the city that supply water at a "water tank type" that could be cut off in the event of a power outage, and the department is calling for consideration of countermeasures.
The water supply system of the house is roughly divided, and there are two "water tank type" which stores water in the water tank in the basement and the roof etc. once, and "direct connection type" which water supply directly to each door from the water distribution pipe of the city.
Water tank type, even if the water pipe is not damaged, when the electric pump pump pumping water from the water tank to each door does not move, such as a power failure, can not be water supply, each door is cut off.
Training in Preparation for Distress (Aomori Prefecture) (Aomori Broadcasting Corporation) - Yahoo! News
Training was held in Shingo village to search and rescue people who were in distress before the mushroom-picking season in autumn.
Sixty people from the police, fire department, hunting friends association, and others participated in the training held at Heikozawa Forest Park in Shingo Village.
At the opening ceremony, Chief Tsukeda of the Gonohe Police Department called for close cooperation and training.
Declaration of mr. Takahashi, regional manager of the ★ "We will start mountain training and rescue training from this"
The training was conducted on the assumption that the man who went out to see the mushroom-picking would not come home at night.
The participants searched the mountains, calling the names of the missing men divided into three groups.
In Shingo Village, a man in his 70s who entered the mountain to pick wild vegetables in June went missing and was rescued the next day injured.
In the training, we found an injured man, put him on a stretcher, checked the cooperation from search to rescue, and prepared for the autumn mushroom picking season, which is prone to distress.
Hidetoshi Nishijima, a drinking party on the "Nintei Gakuen" team?
Movie Walker - Yahoo! News
The first stage greeting of "Nintei Gakuen", which was made into a movie of The 俠 series of popular novels by Satoshi Konno, was held at TOHO Cinemas Shinjuku on September 27, and was attended by Hidetoshi Nishijima, Toshiyuki Nishida, Atsushi Ito, Akira Nakao, and Hisashi Kimura.
As a special guest, Konno came to the original story and said, "I love this movie!" (Played by Nishijima) Himura is cool no matter which cut or any scene you look at. As long as I envy him," he said with a happy smile as he devoted himself to the finished work.
[View photos] the state of the drinking party of Hidetoshi Nishijima is revealed!
The first stage greeting of "Nintei Gakuen"
This work is a thrilling story in which the head of the Agi moto-gumi, a yakuza who has no eye for social contribution, takes on the reconstruction of a high school on the verge of bankruptcy and solves a number of difficult problems with in-laws.
Nishida plays the head of the group who is strong but can't hate somewhere, and Nishijima plays Himura, the number two of the Aki Hongumi, who has always been swayed by his parents.
Nishijima said, "I've been nervous all the way to this day.", and on the first day, he has an inseately.
"Not only during the shooting period, but also after the shooting was over, these members were a very united team that we were always together and talking about various things," he says.
Ito also laughed, "There was just a drinking party called a reflection meeting that didn't reflect on it at all," and said, "It was a plus for the field that I was able to make time like that. Teamwork improved well, and motivation increased. It's been going on regularly even after it's over, and I have a lot of good memories."
In the story about the drinking party, the unexpected real face of Nishijima was also revealed.
Nishijima said, "When I had a reflection meeting with this member, I drank too much. I often don't remember half of them."
Nishida said, "The other party doesn't know how he's been a snake," and cut it out, "It looks like Shirafu, but was he drunk?" It's a really good way to get drunk, isn't it?"
It became a work that nurtured good teamwork, Nishida said, "If the reputation is good, it may become a series. With the help of all of you, I want to do my best to make it into a series," ito and Ito said, "We are full of spirit to make it into a series," and Nakao said, "I was disappointed that Nishida was singing after watching the movie. When it was made into a series, I want to sing this time," said Director Kimura, "The sequel has already been decided in me," and he received a big round of applause.
Prefectural Fishing Federation "Start discussions for full-scale operation" Chairman Nozaki's remarks on ocean release
In line with the accident at TEPCO's Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, discussions on full-scale operations in each district, etc., will be expected to materialize the test operations that will continue in fisheries off the coast of Fukushima Prefecture.
Mr. Tetsu Nozaki, chairman of the prefectural fishing association, said, "As a prefectural fishing association, we believe that the flow toward full-scale operation is necessary, as a prefectural fishing association, as the heads of the prefectural fisheries association were held on July 27 at the Prefectural Fisheries Hall in Chuodai Iino. I want each of the representatives to gather and start discussions."
The association also approved the formal addition of the fish species subject to the test run for magpie, sakuramas, and murasoi off the coast of Fukushima Prefecture, where the shipping restriction instructions were lifted.
The remaining non-marine products were two fish species, Vinosgai and Common Kasbe.
At the end of the session, Chairman Nozaki told reporters that the timing of the start of full-scale operation was undecided.
For treated water after purifying contaminated water at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, "The discussion with keren taste is a problem. The opposition to ocean release remains the same," said Former Environment Minister Yoshiaki Harada and Mayor Ichiro Matsui of Osaka City.
In discussing full-scale operation, Akira Egawa, head of the Iwaki City Fishing Cooperative, pointed out that "it is necessary to suck up opinions from below" and said he would respect the intentions of the union members.
It is said that the board of directors of the affiliated branch office gathers, solves the problems that it has one by one, and concludes as a municipal fishing cooperative.
"In addition to fishermen, we need to discuss this with brokers," said Koji Tachitani, head of the Soma Futaba Fishing Cooperative.
With the support of the government, Soma Futaba Fishing Cooperative will bring in seven new ships next year, so he said, "It is important to return the catch first," and expressed his intention to improve the environment in parallel with discussions on full-scale operations.
Street Activities to Improve Driving and Smoking Manners Karatsu Tobacco Sales Cooperative - Town Topics - Saga Shimbun News - Saga Shimbun LiVE
A member of the union who calls on drivers to drive safely: Waseda Saga Junior High School in Higashijo, Karatsu City
In line with the "Autumn Traffic Safety Citizens' Movement," the Karatsu Tobacco Sales Cooperative conducted street activities on the city road in front of Waseda Saga Junior High School in Higashishiro, Karatsu City on June 26.
About 10 people, including union members, participated in the event, calling on drivers who were driving to drive safely.
The participants handed flyers, ballpoint pens and other items to the driver, saying, "Please drive safely."
In order to encourage a ban on littering cigarettes, he also gave portable ashtrays along with them, calling for improved smoking manners.
Mr. Fujio Kumamoto, 80, president of the association, said, "There are many accidents every year, and the number of driving has been increasing recently. I want you to observe manners and drive with care."
Is "beauty and ugliness" a piece of paper?
What is the image of "snake" overlapping the beautiful girls of Kazuo Tsuji's work (Magmics) - Yahoo! News
Do you have a mysterious beauty and a shadowy expression in common?
In August 2019, "Kazuo Tsujizu Beautiful Girl Collection" (Genkosha) was released in August 2019, focusing on the beautiful girls drawn by Kazuo Tsujizu, who has released many works to the world since the 1950s and is known as a leading figure in "Fear Manga".
When I take it in my hand, I notice the correlation between "beauty" and "fear" of Kazuo's work again.
【Image】 Attractive because there is a shadow?
Beautiful Girls of Kazuo Tsuji's Works (5 photos)
In the introduction to the Beautiful Girl Collection, there was a sentence that "fear, ugliness, shocking scenes and developments of the story stand out only if there is their beauty at the opposite end", but the beautiful face is distorted and it turns into an expression of resentment. Because there is such a contrast, "fear" may stand out more.
There is a keyword called "snake" in many of the works of Kazuo Tsuji, but there are many ways to receive snakes, such as being regarded as "creepy creatures" by the viewer or feeling "beautiful".
Some people say that they like reptiles in the world, while others are not good at it.
In that way, "beauty" and "ugly" may be "snakes" depending on the sensibility of the viewer.
In addition, this creature has been revered as a creature with high spiritual power since ancient times, and the house where "White Snake" settled is said to be lucky.
In 1965, "Mama is scared" in the work of the picture based on the "snake"! There are [Hebi Girl] and [Mottled Girl] of the series.
It is a market price that it is a beautiful woman who has a shadow to become "snake woman" roughly.
If I say imadoki, can I say "cool butty" type ... I think that it is commonality of beautiful girls who appear in the picture work.
Among them, "Orochi", the main character of "Orochi" serialized in "Weekly Shonen Sunday" from 1969, is a beautiful girl character that can be said to be representative of the work of The Samurai, but in order to maintain eternal life and eternal youth, deep sleep every 100 years, the part with mysterious power, etc. are reminiscent of "snake" somewhere.
Seven international students from Sabiel High School paid a courtesy call on the mayor [Sanyo Onoda] - Ube Daily This Town Media Web
Seven students studying at Sabiel High School (Principal Hideki Matsubara) paid a courtesy call on Mayor Goji Fujita of Sanyo Onoda City on June 26.
The international students talked about what they wanted to do during their stay, and Mayor Fujita encouraged them to lead a meaningful school life.
High school students (15 to 17 years old) from various countries came to Japan last month by utilizing the "Asian Bridge Project," an auxiliary project of the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology.
Six girls from China, Cambodia, Mongolia, Thailand, Indonesia and Malaysia live in the school's dormitories and spend eight months.
Turkish boys live in school for 10 months while staying at a homestay.
International students who visited the city hall introduced themselves one by one in Japanese.
As for his impression of the city, he said, "When I'm taking a walk, people I don't know greet me. It's a quiet and pleasant city."
He also said, "I want to see Mt. Fuji while I'm in Japan."
In addition, the girls who live in dormitories also had the opportunity to interact with their host families, and they also told them that they are looking forward to volunteering to participate in the library festival.
Mayor Fujita said, "I want you to actively gain a variety of experiences and experiences. I invited my friends and host families to participate in the city's Halloween event in Onoda Sun Park next month."
Deputy Minister Yamamoto Deletes Meal Tweets The Eve on the Eve of Explanation of the Cause of the Helicopter Crash - Shizuoka Shimbun and At-S
Mr. Yasuhiro Yamamoto, Deputy Minister of Defense, posted a comment with a photo of Kazuchika Iwata, Parliamentary Vice-Minister for Defense, and deleted the Twitter screen.
Mr. Yasuhiro Yamamoto, Deputy Minister of Defense, deleted a Twitter comment by the 27th that said , "It's delicious" when eating at a yakitori restaurant in Saga Prefecture.
Mr. Yamamoto entered the prefecture on February 26 to explain to local governments the findings of the crash of the Ground Self-Defense Force's AH64D combat helicopter in Kamisaki City last February.
On the same night, "I came to Saga Prefecture on a business trip!" I'm not sure," he tweeted.
Along with a photo of Defense Secretary Kazuchika Iwata, who was elected to the prefecture for a meal, he posted a comment saying, "It's delicious!"
In the accident, a girl in the house was injured and two members were killed.
Mr. Yamamoto was elected to the House of Representatives four times and was elected proportional south Kanto.
Koshiyama Wakamizu: The circle of "children's cafeteria" that provides free or inexpensive meals to children is spreading throughout the country.
According to a survey conducted by NPOs and other organizations, approximately 3,700 locations nationwide are active this year.
The number of locations in Fukui Prefecture has increased by 1.6 times compared to 2018, and there are 24 locations in Fukui Prefecture, up nine from last year.
Why is it a children's cafeteria now?
Makoto Yuasa, president of npo and social activist, talked about the background and significance at a lecture held in Sakai City.
The declining birthrate and aging population have made the region lonely, and the shopping district is declining.
There is no place for people to meet.
Therefore, "there was a need for a regional exchange center where people were crowded with people."
Even if it is called a children's cafeteria, it is a "multi-generational exchange place" where elderly people also participate.
It not only eliminates solitary eating, but also leads to child-rearing support and the health promotion of the elderly.
Break the chain of poverty and energize the community.
The important thing is not to create a child who will be resped from it.
▼ From once a month to the place where meals are served every day.
The venue varies from private home to temple, ranging from several to hundreds of people.
The atmosphere that the person who wants to do can do is being able to do is being able to do.
The low threshold is attractive.
However, it is difficult to secure operating expenses and staff.
We may hear about issues such as a safe management system.
"Connecting with society becomes a safety net in the event of a disaster," Yuasa says.
It seems to be a light of hope in a closed society.
On the last day of the Hokushinetsu High School Baseball Fukui Prefecture Tournament in autumn, the final and third-place match will be held at the prefectural stadium (Fukui City) on September 29.
In the final, Tsuruga Kehi, who is aiming for the top spot for the first time in four years, and Tsuruga, who is aiming to win the championship for the first time in 36 years, will compete in the autumn tournament.
Seed school's Shiga Kehi won three consecutive cold games from the first round.
In the semi-final against Hokuriku, Ace Kasashima Naoki pitched to close out the key points to give up a complete pitching victory.
He has 13 hits and is in good form, and he wants to support the pitchers in the final.
Tsuruga, on the other hand, won from no seed.
In the quarter-finals, they won the close game by one point, and in the semi-final against Hamizu, they scored the opening goal in a squeeze to get away with a 3-1 win.
In the final, we want to make sure we score goals.
The third-place match, with one spot remaining in the Hokushinetsu Tournament, was held in Hokuriku-Hasui.
At the beginning of the semi-final, Hokuriku's runners and bunts were disrupted, but they want to rebuild in the third-place match.
On the other hand, Hasui attracted the attention of this tournament, such as defeating the powerhouse Fukui Institute of Technology.
It will be a lot of attention to whether they can win the third-place match against Hokushinetsu.
Match on September 29
Kashiwa Prefectural Stadium 3rd Place Match Hokuriku - Hadui (10:00 a.m.) Final Tsuruga Kehi - Tsuruga (1:00 p.m.) * Time scheduled to start
Tsuruga's hamizushita autumn Shinetsu for the first time in 21 years
Tsuruga Kehi defeats Hokuriku for Hokushinetsu ticket
Rugby Japan, paid article in the 8th place ever
Basketball Japan Women's Asian Cup Finals Paid Article
Sharp Home Appliances, Yoshimoto Geisha's Comedy Grand Prix in PR Osaka - Shizuoka Shimbun And-S
"Himekoron", a comedy duo that won the Sharp PR-1 Grand Prix, on 27th, Osaka City
The final of the Sharp PR-1 Grand Prix, a contest to decide the most successful entertainers of Sharp's home appliances, was held on 27Th in Namba, Osaka.
Sharp and Yoshimoto Kogyo have been qualifying since July.
It is a strategy to convey the charm of the product by professional talking art, and to get comedy fans to like Sharp's home appliances.
The final at Yoshimoto Manzai Theater.
About 250 spectators watched the four winning matches from among about 200 groups.
The winner, Himekoron, is a young duo who have often introduced Sharp products at mass retailers in Ehime Prefecture.
He conveyed the advantages of air conditioning with a little bit and wrapped the hall with laughter.
Sotetsu Sagami Otsuka Station 7000 series , 12000 series photo session (Railway Com) - Yahoo! News
Sagami Railway, as an event to commemorate the opening of the Sotetsu-JR direct line, "November 30 to Sotetsu-JR mutual direct! Held the 7000 series and 12000 series photo session in Sagami Otsuka.
The venue is sagami Otsuka Station.
In addition to the photo session of the 7000 series and 12000 series, 7000 series in-car public, sales of 7000 series last run commemorative goods, sale of the commemorative admission ticket, etc.
Items sold (price) of commemorative goods include metal key chain (700 yen), can badge (450 yen), clear file (300 yen), etc.
The number of sales is limited to 500 key chains, 300 can badges, and 1,000 clear files.
Eight new models of "Air Force 1" such as NBA collaboration and "Gore-Tex" equipped model appeared at once (WWD JAPAN.com)
Nike will launch eight new models of Air Force 1, which has gained popularity as one of the brand's leading sneakers since its launch in 1982, starting in October.
The three models are for women, and as Georgina James, senior creative director of Nike Women's Footwear, says that "women are diverse and seek something unique that is different from others", a collection of sneakers redesigned from a woman's point of view " ( Updates have been made based on their experience in 2018).
【Image】 New 8 models of [Air Force 1] such as NBA collaboration and [Gore-Tex] equipped model appeared at once
In collaboration with the NBA, the Air Force 1 NBA Pack comes in two types: low-cut and high-cut.
The low cut is a color ring based on NBA color red, yellow, black and navy, and the high cut will be deployed in the uniform color of three teams including los ANGELES LAKERS.
In addition to the NBA logo on the heel and shoe tongue, satin fabric is used at the rear of the upper, and the swsh is the first bicolor design.
The price is 13,200 yen including tax and will go on sale on October 1.
"Air Force 1 Swsh Pack" is designed everywhere with the words and the words swsh characters and logos.
It is worth noting that the shoetan part, which should have been decorated with the brand logo, has also been changed to the character of the special "SWOOSH".
Inspired by shadows, "Air Force 1 Shadow" is characterized by the double of each detail, including the swurn on the side.
While the outsole is thicker than the original and gives it a height, it has succeeded in reducing weight that is pleasing for women by hollowing out the center.
It is priced at 13,200 yen including tax and will go on sale on October 3.
"The real culprit" (FRIDAY) that droneed at Saudi Arabia oil facility - Yahoo! News
"In recent years, the Iranian drone "Abbabir" used in this bombing has dramatically improved performance by analyzing the drones of the crashed U.S. military.
It can be manufactured at low cost and has a range of about 1000 km.
It is also a strength that it is difficult to be caught by radar because it flies low in the sky."
On 14 September, an oil facility of Saudi Arabia's largest oil company, Saudi Aramco, was bombed by 10 military drones.
Shortly after this, the Houthis, an anti-government organization in Yemen, issued a statement of the crime.
"I'm sure that what's behind the Houthis is Iran, led by President Rouhani. Iran cannot allow its own country to make money from crude oil in a situation where its hostilities are not exported. If we continue to embargo on crude oil against Iran, the aim is to inform the international community that the pain will be appropriate."
Half of Saudi Arabia's oil production stopped in the wake of the bombing, with oil prices soaring by 15 percent.
At this rate, some people say that the oil shock will come back.
"As Trump has pledged to withdraw U.S. troops from the Middle East, he wants to avoid military intervention at least until next year's election ends. After that is understood, Iran will continue to bomb drones with the Houthis behind them. But the United States can't stand it forever. There is a good chance that Trump will decide to attack Iran in the future."
The "proxy war" between the United States and Iran is facing an immediate crisis.
The reason why the super-individual youTuber became a full-time employee.
Ask the president who hired (bizSPA!)
9/27 (Fri) 8:47
YouTuber is now extremely popular, especially among young people.
Although it is not uncommon now for companies to use them for advertising their products, some companies have started a rare system called "YouTuber recruitment" in which employees are hired as full-time employees in-house.
Direct Marketing Mix Co., Ltd. (DmMiX) is mainly business of corporate customer relationship management (CRM).
What does it mean to adopt a YouTuber?
We spoke to Yuki Kobayashi, CEO of DmMiX and representative of staff first, a subsidiary whose YouTuber was actually hired.
I want to support young people who work hard to recruit YouTubers.
― How does "YouTuber recruitment" work in the first place?
Yuki Kobayashi (hereinafter Kobayashi) : The profession of YouTuber is now admiring many young people.
It is also ranked high in the occupation rankings that elementary school students want to work in the future, and the number of young people who aim for it will increase rapidly in the future.
Until now, we have recruited and supported young people who are chasing their dreams, such as bandmen and comedians.
In the same way, "YouTuber recruitment" is about hiring and supporting young people who are chasing their dream of becoming a YouTuber.
― ― There is an image that YouTubers are self-directed video posts by individuals, but why did you decide to "hire"?
Kobayashi: While many young people yearn for the profession of YouTuber, there is a reality that most YouTubers can't make the money they want.
There are many creators who make and post videos while working part-time, and creators who do not recognize the existence of YouTubers by their families.
In this initiative, we will provide hired creators with an environment for salary and content creation.
At first, we will support our activities by supporting the disadvantages of the occupation of YouTuber, which makes you in an unstable position by all means.
Environmental Girl "Fighting a Safe Future" Protests Around the World for 2 Weeks In a Row - Shizuoka Shimbun At
Greta Tumberger (center) and others participated in a protest in Montreal, eastern Canada on July 27 (Reuters- Joint)
Greta Tumberger, 16, a Swedish girl who advocates for global warming countermeasures, took part in a protest in Montreal, eastern Canada, on Wednesday, stressing that she would "continue to fight for a safe future."
The youth protests on that day followed Asian countries and took place in Europe, the United States and other parts of the world.
The massive protests in response to Greta's call have been held for the second week in a row, following the 20th.
Greta met with Canadian Prime Minister Trudeau on July 27.
Mr. Trudeau, who has always appealed for his keen stance on global warming countermeasures, also participated in the march.
But Greta was dry after the meeting, saying he was "clearly lacking enough action" about Mr Trudeau.
"I hope South Korea will return to GSOMIA," U.S. Assistant Secretary of State (Sankei Shimbun) - Yahoo! News
Napper, U.S. Assistant Secretary of State for South Korea and Japan, said in a stand-alone interview with the Sankei Shimbun at the U.S. ambassador's residence in Tokyo on Wednesday that he "hopes that South Korea will reconsider its decision to abandon its decision" on the Comprehensive Military Information Protection Agreement (GSOMIA) between Japan and South Korea, which expires on November 23.
It is unusual for a senior U.S. official to mention a reconsideration of the destruction of GSOMIA.
GSOMIA is the foundation for japan, South Korea, the United States, and South Korea to share information on missile launches.
South Korea announced in August that it would destroy the agreement with Japan, and if it expires, the framework for protecting military information between Japan and South Korea will collapse.
"Without GSOMIA, we can't effectively respond to crises," Napper said.
"There is time for the expiration," he said, urging South Korea to return.
He also expressed threat recognition of the joint flight drill conducted by China and Russia over the Sea of Japan in July, saying it was "the first time in history," and said, "It is essential for the United States, South Korea and Japan, which share values such as democracy and human rights, to work together in an alliance."
He pointed out that the recent deterioration in Relations between Japan and South Korea "will damage the national interests of the United States."
"There is no intention of mediation," he said, but "will play a positive role so that Japan and South Korea can bridge the gap."
(Yusuke Hirata)
Tokaimura critical accident, 20 years in 30 days Nuclear facility trouble 300 cases: Hokkaido Shimbun Doshin electronic edition
From fiscal 2000 to FY18, the day after the critical accident in Tokai Village, Ibaraki Prefecture, which was the first person in Japan's nuclear power history to die, 336 reports of accidents and failures at nuclear facilities nationwide were reported, according to an interview with the Nuclear Regulatory Agency.
Twenty years have been 30 years since the critical accident that alarmed the safety myths of the nuclear industry.
Although the report accounted for about 90% of the cases that were not evaluated as level 0 (not important for safety) and cases that were not evaluated, it is necessary to constantly raise safety awareness based on lessons learned from the accident and the accident at TEPCO's Fukushima No. 1 nuclear power plant in 2011.
Koichi Soda, who has completed the story and original picture of a creative picture book and is soliciting donations for publication, Echizen City, Fukui Prefecture, On September 18, 2016
Koichi Soda, 64, an artist of the Echizen City Regional Revitalization Cooperation Volunteers in Fukui Prefecture, started crowdfunding to solicit donations on the Internet with the aim of publishing creative picture books inspired by legends in Fukui Prefecture in order to promote urban development that makes use of picture books.
Mr. Soda, who is from Hokkaido and started working as a co-op in April this year, says, "I want to convey the compassion of the people of Fukui based on deep faith through picture books."
[Donation here] to convey the heart of Fukui.
While Mr. Soda is active as an artist working on contemporary art with the motif of mathematics, he has also been active as a cooperative team after his 60th birthday.
After being involved in the development of nagano, Kumamoto, and Tochigi, he joined Echizen City in April this year.
In addition to the city that produced Riko Kako and Chihiro Iwasaki, we are aiming to create a town that makes use of picture books.
After living in the city, Mr. Soda says, "I was surprised at the depth of compassion around me that I understood for the first time."
We paid attention to the legend of Awara City, "The Face of the Demon of the Bride-in-law's Demon".
The story of a kind-hearted bride who continues to chant a nembutsu to help the son without worrying about being surprised in terms of the face of the demon.
"Forget hatred and return it with compassion and kindness. I felt the origin of the faith and kindness of the people of Fukui."
Mr. Soda, who got the hint, went to Yoshizaki Gobo in Awara City as soon as he arrived for the original picture book, and completed the story "Meoto Oni" in which a kind-hearted oni couple and a boy appeared.
From June, he took advantage of his main job to draw 10 scenes with warm watercolors, and the materials of picture books were completed.
In addition, echizen Washi, a traditional craft that lives in Echizen City, will be used to create cover of picture books made of Japanese paper.
It will be used as an opportunity for parents and children to enjoy the feel of Japanese paper through storytelling and other information.
The target for the donation amount for 600 copies is 850,000 yen.
The deadline is October 25.
Mr. Soda says, "Under the historical Buddhist culture, the heart of Fukui, which has been nurtured, can be proud of all over the country.
I want to convey what true kindness and compassion has been passed down to children through picture books."
Fukui Prefecture has certified 11 projects for regional revitalization challenged by its cooperation volunteers and business operators in Fukui Prefecture, and is one of the projects that supports it by utilizing hometown tax payments.
The Fukui Shimbun disseminates information and Fukui Bank cooperates in management support.
You can donate from the crowdfunding site "Lady Four".
Rugby Class for Children in Niigata City (Niigata Prefecture) (TeNY TV Niigata) - Yahoo! News
A rugby class for children was held in Niigata City on August 28 in order to get familiar with rugby, which is attracting attention at the World Cup in Japan.
"The first rugby class" was held on 28th at Toriyano Sports Park Stadium in Niigata City.
At an event held by the Niigata Rugby Football Association to encourage children to become familiar with rugby, 28 children from the age of 3 to 12 participated and experienced the basics of rugby, such as tackles and passes.
The boy who participated said, "It seemed to be fun when I first played rugby on TV. It was fun to join forces."
"First Rugby Class" is scheduled to be held on October 19.
Ahead of the consumption tax hike, the rush customers one after another retail store in Okayama Prefecture, also special sale: Sanyo Shimbun Digital - San Digi
The sales floor of Big Camera Okayama Station front store where sales of large-scale home appliances were strong before the tax increase
On the 28th, the last weekend before the consumption tax hike from 8% to 10%, families who rushed in and bought at consumer electronics retailers and supermarkets in Okayama Prefecture visited one after another.
There are also home centers that develop special sales areas with the aim of buying together, and suit stores that sell winter clothing ahead of time, and each store is focusing on sales.
Big Camera Okayama Station Front Store (Kita-ku, Okayama City Station Front Town) has launched a sale with a limited-time special price up to 30 days.
A 37-year-old office worker from the city, who came to the store in search of a refrigerator, said, "Even though it's 2%, the difference can't be overlooked when it comes to expensive things."
According to the store, large appliances such as TVs, washing machines and refrigerators grew in September, and sales were about twice as high as the previous year.
"The rush demand is more than I imagined. In the second half, customers who are looking for high-value items stand out."
Haruyama Shoji Co., Ltd. (Doomote-cho) sells suits to hold a sale called "Large Disposal of Financial Results Just Before the Tax Increase."
The coat has been on sale since early September, one month earlier than usual, and sales this month are up 10 percent from the previous year.
A company employee who visited Kurashiki (Shirarakucho, Kurashiki City) to buy a suit to wear for the coming-of-age ceremony, Asaguchi City, said, "The ceremony is still ahead, but I want to buy it before the tax increase."
In this tax increase, the tax rate of food and beverages will be deferred under the reduced tax rate system, so home centers and supermarkets will focus on daily necessities and sake.
At the time takaya store (Kaneki, Naka-ku, Okayama City) of the home center, a special corner loaded with large-capacity detergents and tissues is opened near the entrance.
Sales of daily consumables increased by 1.6 times from the same month of the previous year, and "if we don't replenish it many times a day, we'll cut it off" (Seiya Shimizu, manager).
A 63-year-old civil servant from the city, who visited the store, bought kitchen paper together, saying, "I'm going to buy it anyway, so I'm going to take this opportunity."
Tenmanya Hapy Town Okanan (Tsukiko Shinmachi, Minami-ku, the same city) will also set up a wagon loaded with detergent, toilet paper and disposable diapers at the event hall.
A 35-year-old company employee in the city said, "If you receive a cashless payment point reduction, the burden will hardly change, so you don't have to buy daily necessities in a hurry."
2019 Best Coach Klopp Honors Biggest Enemy General "Best Manager" (SPORT.es) - Yahoo! News
Jurgen Klopp, who won the Best Director award for The Best, looks back on his career in an interview and comments on the current situation.
What surprised the public with many of his remarks was about Pep Guardiola, manager of Manchester City, his biggest rival in competing for the Premier League title.
Neymar's best friend Alves says, "His happiness is still in Barca. 」
After The Best's awards ceremony, the German commander said, "I never imagined anything so great. I am very happy and proud to have won this award. It was a great few days for me. Thanks to my players, I was able to win the prize. The most important thing is the team."
As for Guardiola, Klopp said, "I respect him very much", and said, "What can I say about him?" He has won many titles. His style of play is extraordinary. He is the best coach I've ever played against, and it's an honor to be nominated with him and to compete for the award."
He also mentions coach Pochettino and Tottenham.
"His last year was incredibly great. In many cases, if you don't win the title, you won't be left in people's memory. We worked little by little to build the team and played in a great style".
Klopp didn't hesitate about the best moments of 2019, but said: "It's a comeback against Barcelona. Many experts and myself would not have bet on us a centimeter. With a 3-0 behind against a team with Messi and Suarez . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . It's like a death sentence. We had a small chance and we were able to make it. I couldn't believe it. Looking back, we might be able to say that we won the Champions League in this match. This game will be remembered by everyone."
Asked a more personal question, Klopp said: "When I congratulated him on winning the Bundesliga, I woke up on a bench and didn't even know where I was. That didn't happen this time. I don't like to get drunk because I'm a person who has been plagued by self-management obsession. The blessing of winning the Champions League was very modest. I remember everything. If I were to line everyone up in front of me, I might be able to tell all the people I saw from the bus."
Lexus LC and IS introduce a special specification car that introduced from craftsmanship to state-of-the-art technology (WEB CARTOP) - Yahoo! News
It is finished in a special one that further enhances the style and taste.
Lexus has set up a special specification car for the luxury coupe LC and sporty sedan "IS" and will launch it on Tuesday, October 1.
[Photo] interior of Lexus LC that stands out quality
The special specification car was developed based on the concept of "CRAFTED".
CRAFTED embodies the desire to create new experiences that shake the heart by thinking to the person with the japanese aesthetic sense cultivated through rich nature and history, and the sensitivity to sense the vague things that are required without words, and making full use of all the methods from craftsmanship to cutting-edge technology.
Lc's special specification car "PATINA Elegance" is based on the LC500/LC500h and features Lexus' finest genuine leather L-ANILINE seat that combines durability while taking advantage of its softness and natural texture, and genuine leather steering using premium leather with a soft touch.
It was finished as a model that further enhances the style and taste.
L-ANILINE carefully selects only the highest-ranking raw skin and achieves softness with a color coating that aims at a long-term flexible process and a thin coating using proprietary technology.
Improves the comfort that wraps around the body and the fit during running.
Premium leather is also used for steering, and it is particular about feeling the quality with the skin.
In addition, metal processing with Alcantara roof and laser etching, scuff plate that the motif overlapping L-shape comes out beautifully, also specially equipped with a color head-up display.
The interior features a combination color of brilliant patina brown and door trim, genuine leather seat, and gorgeous brown arranged on seat belts for special specification cars.
In addition, the color of the stitching takes advantage of two colors, light brown and dark brown with different brightness, and combines it with the carefully selected texture to express a high-quality, deep space.
The body color is three color settings of sonic titanium and graphite black glass flakes, including the terrain khaki Mica metallic of the special specification car setting.
I want to use Sidecar!
According to Apple, macOS Catalina is a new operating system that will be available in October.
The specific date has not been disclosed, but it may be delivered on October 4th?
[View all images] macOS Catalina release date may be October 4?
The image above was posted on Apple's site in Denmark (now fixed).
The image certainly shows "from October 4 (fra den 4. oktober) is the character.
If it is an official site, the accuracy of the information seems to be high, too.
By the way, the most feature I would like to try on macOS Catalina is "Sidecar".
This is a feature that treats the iPad as a mac sub-display, a feature that was previously realized in third-party apps.
And Sidecar is a genuine feature of Apple, so it is expected to be better at perfection (and response).
There are rumors of the next MacBook Pro with a 16-inch display, but first I want to experience this next generation of macOS to the fullest.
Sakura shrimp in the growth process PT in Shizuoka City, etc., shooting a depth of 290 meters at Shizuoka Shimbun At-S
Sakura shrimp born this year, which was successfully photographed in the deep sea of Suruga Bay, on November 11, off Kambara, Shimizu-ku, Shizuoka City (provided by the Yui Sakura Shrimp Project)
The Yui Sakura Shrimp Project, a council of marine industries and governments from Shizuoka City and other cities, recently succeeded in photographing cherry shrimp, which is believed to have been born during the spawning season of this spring and summer, at a depth of 290 meters in Suruga Bay.
The video of the growth process is valuable, and the people concerned want to elucidate the ecology of sakura shrimp, which is often mysterious.
The photo was taken near the bottom of the sea about 1.5 kilometers off the Kamobara area of Shimizu-ku, the same city.
A total of about 300 animals were confirmed in 17 minutes.
During the day, the conventional knowledge that cherry shrimp in the deep sea "forms a certain group at the bottom of the sea" was confirmed once again.
The adult body is about 40 mm in length, and the individual reflected is about 23 mm in length.
The spawning season was identified by matching the seasonal data of the landed cherry shrimp.
For detailed analysis, we will ask Fujitsu Software Technologies and Shizuoka Industrial Technology College, which make up the team.
Keisuke Mizuno, project leader, says, "We want to capture the living appearance of individuals in the growth process, including young shrimp."
Mother Ranch reopens, Chiba residents are free until the end of October, damaged by typhoons - Shizuoka Shimbun At-S
Chiba Prefecture's mascot character "Ciba-kun" welcomes visitors at Mother Ranch, which reopened its business.
Mother Ranch in Futtsu City, Chiba Prefecture, which has been closed since September 9 due to power outages and facility damage caused by Typhoon No. 15, reopened on August 28.
In order to liven up the disaster area, residents of Chiba Prefecture will be free of charge until the end of October.
Many people came under the autumn sunny day at the same time as the opening of the park, and at the entrance gate, the mascot character "Ciba-kun" of the prefecture who rushed to cheer welcome welcomed it.
The roof is covered with blue sheets, and some facilities are continuing to be repaired, but half of the restaurants have reached the reopening.
Kenji Mitani, 34, a company employee from Sagamihara City, who visited with his family, said, "I was worried about when it would resume. I came to look forward to the potato digging event because I hope it will lead to reconstruction," he said with a smile.
All-way Go 4-strong decision: Hokkaido Shimbun Doshin Electronic Edition
The 69th All-Way Go Championship (hosted by The Hokkaido Shimbun) began on August 28 at the Hokkaido Shimbun in Chuo-ku, Sapporo City.
Thirty players competed in the top of the Hokkaido amateur competition and finished in the quarterfinals.
The semi-finals were Tetsuya Asano (48), Sapporo district, Hideyuki Takuma (52), Takuji Tomita (72), Asahikawa area, and Takasunmori (75) in Kitami district.
Kazuya Takasun, 49, who won the championship the previous year, lost in the quarterfinals by half a margin to Asano, who has won the tournament eight times.
Yuya Shinoda (8), the youngest player in the history of the tournament, lost to Kazutoyo Arai (75), the previous year's runner-up, in the first round.
Mr. Arai was eliminated in the second round.
On the 29th, the semi-finals and finals of All-Road Go will be held from 1:30 p.m.
The 26th All-Road Women's Go Championship will be held from 10:00 a.m.
The venue is the Hokkaido Shimbun (Odori Nishi 3).
(Yasutoshi Nakamura)
[Bud Olympic race first half] world champion, Kento Momoda, Zhou Tensei of good condition is one step lead!
&lt;男子シングルス&gt; (Bud x Spi!)
The Japan National Team, who won six medals at the 25th World Championships (Basel, Switzerland), a big badminton event held in August, will compete in the China OP (Changzhou/Super1000), which starts on 17 September after a training camp in early September.
Looking back on the first half of the olympic race from May to August, when the Olympic games for next year's Tokyo Olympics began, we will look ahead to the midfield match (September to December) (Bun/Badminton Magazine Editorial Department).
Badminton's Olympic race, which began in May, was held at the end of the world championships with four top athletes (Super 500 and above).
In the first half, two players, Kento Momoda, who won two of the four tournaments, and Cho Zhou Tien chen of Taiwan were the two men who kept their performance.
Momoda won the World Championship and Zhou Tengcheng won the Indonesia OP (S1000) in a tournament where high points of "world ranking points" that are directly connected to the Olympic race can be obtained.
Momoda also has a Japan OP (S750).
Since May, the team competitions have been held: the Sudirman Cup (May/China), the Indonesia OP (July/Results: 16 strong), the Japan OP (July), and the World Championship (August).
Although the number is small compared to other top players, it is a schedule that reduces the burden on the body.
Since August was only one world championship, fatigue will not be greater than during a series of matches.
A good result is required in the midfield game where the top tournaments after September are consecutive.
Taiwan's ace is strong in consecutive matches.
Pay attention to young Thai people!
Zhou Tiancheng, who also won the top tournaments of Indonesia OP and Thailand OP (S500), has already competed in seven tournaments.
He also participated in the local Taipei OP (S300) at the beginning of September and won the championship.
He is a player who is physically strong and doesn't have a hard time fighting consecutive matches.
Even if the tournament continues, there is no big problem with the performance of the game.
Rather, the fact that they earned high points in the first half would make it easier to adjust the schedule of the upcoming tournament.
Zhou Tiancheng had the impression that he lacked explosive power until last year, but with a stronger sense of stability in terms of play this year, he has been able to continue to perform well.
For Momoda, who is ranked No. 1 in the world, he is likely to be a more troublesome opponent than ever before.
In addition to these two players, the result was in the first half of the match with Thailand's young Ace Cantaphone and India's Sai Pranies B. 。
And it's Anders Antonsen, who is struggling alone as a European player.
Although Cantaphone has not reached the finals in the top tournaments, they have gained strength to advance to the top spot, including reaching the quarterfinals in two tournaments this season.
The 20-year-old (21 years old on the 18th), who is now able to rally on an equal footing with top athletes, seems to have a great potential to make a leap forward in the Olympic race.
Sai Prranies B. took a step out of India with good players in the singles.
Samir Balama, Pranoy H.S. And Slic cans Kidambi, who is behind due to injury, will catch up in the future, so the Indians need to be careful after the midfield game.
New mobile phone rates to cut prices in fair competition: Hokkaido Shimbun
A new rate plan for mobile phone companies has been put out in line with the enforcement of the revised Telecommunications Business Act in October.
However, it was generally a high stop.
There was no price competition despite growing expectations for a price cut, when Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Kan said last summer that there was room to drop the price by about 40 percent.
Rakuten's full-scale entry has been postponed, and the main reason is that the three major companies continue to be olimonopoly.
It is desirable for consumers to have a fair competition to make it easier to use.
I want to ask for the effort of the mobile phone companies.
The revised law prohibits the set discount of the terminal fee and the communication fee.
The reason is that the communication fee was set to be expensive instead of selling the terminal fee cheaply.
SoftBank and KDDI (au) have announced plans to halve their devices at most.
However, for 100 days, both companies have a "SIM lock" that cannot be used by other companies.
NTT DOCOMO will increase the cost of terminals by up to one-third for subscribers of its own line.
All three companies seem to continue to "enclose" to prevent transfers to other companies.
The Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications has indicated that it will require immediate release of SIM locks.
Companies also need to respond quickly.
Rakuten's postponement was due to the failure to improve the development of base stations and other communication networks as planned.
It was expected to be a catalyst for the price cut competition, so it's a shoulder-to-shoulder look.
There might have been a sweetness of the outlook.
The timing and fees for the start of the full-scale service have not been disclosed.
As a company responsible for social infrastructure, I want you to take responsibility for your business.
The revision of the fee was triggered by remarks by Chief Cabinet Secretary Naoto Kan.
Regarding the new rates of the three companies, Mr. Kan said, "I think competition will begin in the future. I don't think it's ok to leave it as it is."
However, it is unlikely that the "government-made price cut" will distort the market and encourage sound competition.
Companies should engage in customer-oriented competition before the government interferes with them.
Each company's pricing structure is very complex and not easy to compare.
The Consumer Affairs Agency has called attention to the case where the burden on consumers exceeds half of the case, even though the device is advertising "up to half the price."
Companies must try to explain politely and in an easy-to-understand way so as not to create misunderstandings among users themselves.
Withdrawal limit reduced to 500,000 yen Cash card of 3 shinkin in Mie Prefecture - Ise Shimbun
Three credit unions in Mie Prefecture (Kuwana Mie Shinkin Bank, Kita-Ise Ueno Shinkin Bank, and Kihoku Shinkin Bank) announced on June 26 that they have decided to reduce the withdrawal limit by cash card in order to prevent damage from special fraud.
For depositors over the age of 70 who hold cash cards from Kuwana Mie, Kita-Ise Ueno, and Kihoku Shinkin Bank and have not conducted a certain amount or more withdrawal transactions at ATMs (automatic deposit machines) for the past three years, the maximum amount that can be withdrawn with a cash card per day will be 500,000 yen.
Kuwana Mie Shinkin Bank and Kita-Ise Ueno Shinkin Bank will cut the reduction on October 1 and Kihoku Shinkin Bank from November 1.
In the prefecture, there are many cases of special fraud involving financial institutions and police officials who defraud financial institutions and police personnel, defrauding cash cards and PINs, and withdrawing money at ATMs, and shinkin bank officials say they want to protect their valuable deposits in as much possible.
Yokozuna Tsururyu and other transfers to Mutsu room in the sudden death of Itsutsu master - Shizuoka Shimbun At-S
On March 27, the Japan Sumo Association announced that following the death of Itsutsu Chikakata (former Sekiwaki Reverse Pass), three sumo wrestlers from the Yokozuna Tsururyu et al. Itsutsu stable and one Tokoyama were transferred to the Mutsu stable.
Mutsu room is the same as Itsutsu room.
His master, Mutsu Chikakata (former Oseki Kirishima), is a brother and son of the late Itsutsu master, who is from the Itsutsu stable.
Itsutsu's parents died suddenly on the 16th, and Tsururyu and others were temporarily taken care of by the Same Kagamiyama Room, and future treatment was being discussed.
In the Mutsu room, there are 12 sumo wrestlers in the Mutsu room, including Mt. Kirima from Mongolia, the same as Tsururyu, as of the autumn.
[Rugby World Cup] one-shot exit & brawl overseas ripples to the "facial danger tackle" of U.S. players "insulting and despicable play" (THE ANSWER) - Yahoo! News
U.S. FL Quill plays rough, former England national team says "it can't be called a tackle"
The United States, who made their last appearance in 20 participating countries, were beaten 7-45 by England for the Rugby World Cup in Japan on 26 August.
Although it was a black star start, the rough play played by FL John Quill in the second half has caused a stir.
He was sent off in a way that added a shoulder tackle to the opponent's face.
The actual scene was also released by foreign media with videos, and the former England player also complained that it was "insulting and despicable play" and "not something that could be called a tackle."
【Video】 "Insulting and sneaky play" and overseas ripples!
One shot sent off, both military players are in a mess ... The actual moment of the "facial danger tackle" played by U.S. representative Quill
A passionate fighting spirit has crossed the line.
It was 0-38 in the 29th minute of the second half.
England captain Farrell lost his balance as he caught his team's pass deep in the enemy's line.
It was Quill who went to tackle this.
However, the upper body was raised instead of the waist down, and the body was hit violently against the upper body.
As a result, the head and the head of the other party come into contact, and it becomes a shape like the head butt.
Pharrell was blown violently and fell down.
The English player protested furiously to push Quill away from the play which was clearly lacking legitimacy.
Both military players gathered at once, and it became an air of the impetuity at once.
As a result of TMO (video judgment), Quill was sent off with a red card.
He left the pitch with a bad face, but some of the crowd, who wanted to play fair, booed him.
Rugby powerhouse New Zealand's local media "staff" featured "Rugby World Cup 2019: U.S. players sent off for sneaky play, England won comfortably" and featured it.
"Kill was sent off with a sneaky shoulder charge on the face of England star Farrell," reports the team said.
In the article, we introduce the comments of Hugo Monya, a former England national team player and commentator.
"It's insulting and despicable. It is not something that can be called a tackle. It's a despicable play."
The U.S., who lacked a single game, managed to escape the shutout loss with a willing try in the 81st minute.
However, Quill's play left a bad aftertaste.
On September 26, the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare released for the first time the names of 424 public hospitals in Japan and public hospitals such as Nichika, which were judged to have "poor medical performance."
In Fukui Prefecture, the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare verified the treatment results of 14 public and public hospitals, and four facilities were covered by Wakasa Takahama Hospital in Oda Hospital, Oda Hospital in Oda Hospital, Mikuni Town, Sakai City, Awara Hospital, Awara City, and Sowai City.
⇒Four hospitals subject to reorganization "standards are wrong"
In order to control medical expenses that are expanding due to the aging population, it is necessary to encourage reorganization and integration with hospitals in competing areas.
In October, we will ask the target hospital to consider full-scale reorganization and integration, and we will ask them to draw a conclusion by September next year.
Although it is not enforceable, there is expected to be a backlash from local chiefs and residents due to fears that there will be no hospitals close to them.
It was announced at the meeting on the same day.
The number of eligible hospitals was 29.1% of the total, and many hospitals had relatively few beds.
By prefecture, the percentage was higher in Niigata (53.7%), Hokkaido (48.6%), Miyagi (47.5%), Yamaguchi (46.7%), and Okayama (43.3%).
The number of targets was 54 in Hokkaido, and Okinawa was the only zero.
Based on data from fiscal 2017, the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare surveyed 1455 public and public hospitals that can respond to the "advanced acute phase" for critically ill patients and the "acute phase" for general surgery.
Nine medical records such as cancer and emergency medical care and the need to disclose the name of the hospital were determined by analyzing whether competing hospitals were in a location "within 20 minutes by car".
The target hospital will be considered for abolition or transfer of some medical departments to other hospitals.
Medical expenses will skyrocket in 25 years, when all baby boomers will be 75 years old or older.
For this reason, the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare has set a goal of reducing the number of beds in 1,246,000 hospitals (18 years) to 1,191,000 beds nationwide.
Currently, there are a large number of beds in the "advanced acute phase" and "acute phase" where nurses are generously arranged and medical expenses are incurred, but there is a shortage of rehabilitation that is highly needed for the elderly.
In order to cope with the aging population, it is necessary not only to reduce the number of beds, but also to increase the number of rehabilitation.
With regard to the reorganization and integration of hospitals, each prefecture has formulated a "Regional Medical Care Plan" that defines the number of beds required in 25 years.
The debate has been difficult, with local governments and medical officials dividing the country into 339 areas, but many local residents and chiefs remain cautious.
The Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare wants to stimulate discussions by announcing the names of hospitals with poor performance.
General disaster prevention drills such as the eruption of Mt. Komagatake, roads, etc. Wide area with residents' participation, for the first time in 18 years (video) : Hokkaido Shimbun Doshin electronic edition
On September 27, a comprehensive disaster drill was held in the forest, Nanae, and Shikabe towns in Toshima, assuming the eruption of Mt. Komagatake (1131 meters).
About 400 people, including staff and residents of 20 institutions, including roads and three towns, participated in the event.
This is the first time the Hokkaido Komagatake Volcano Disaster Prevention Council has formulated an evacuation plan in August that includes evacuation routes for residents.
This is the first wide-area training in 18 years in which residents participate.
It is assumed that Mt. Komagatake erupted at 8:45 a.m., and mudflows reached the town at the foot of the mountain.
When the eruption warning level was raised to 5 (evacuation), evacuation centers were opened in the forest and Nanae towns, and residents moved by buses and police vehicles prepared by each town.
100,000 students appeal for school holidays and global warming countermeasures at Vancouver climate demonstrations (Everyone's Economic Newspaper Network) - Yahoo! News
About 100,000 students, mainly students who sympathized with 16-year-old environmental activist Greta Tumberg, marched in Vancouver on September 27 to call for climate change countermeasures.
Climate demonstration in Vancouver
The march took place from Vancouver City Hall to the Canby Bridge to the downtown library.
People with placards began to gather in front of the city hall of the meeting place a few hours before the start, and at 13:00 at the start time, the number of people filled the road in front of the city hall.
After that, the number of participants continued to increase, and more than 100,000 people eventually participated.
On the road along the way, the police cooperated with road restrictions and watched for hours until everyone had finished walking.
In conjunction with the United Nations Climate Action Summit in New York, Vancouver has held a number of events in Vancouver since last weekend to think about global warming.
On the 27th of the last day, a school strike was held on Friday for the future.
The students who were absent from school on this day appealed to adults that they wanted to protect the earth even if they took a break from the important things of school, and many adults who took a day off from work and participated were also seen responding, "We will do our best for the future of children who are seriously learning and thinking."
Swine Cholera Vaccine Recommended Area 9 Prefectures Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries (Gifu Shimbun Web) - Yahoo! News
The Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries today announced a proposed amendment to the Preventive Code that would allow preventive vaccination of domestic animal infectious diseases called "pork cholera" to prevent the spread of infection.
The plan is to select nine prefectures, including Gifu and Aichi Prefectures, where infections with pigs and wild boars have been confirmed.
The movement of vaccinated live pigs and fertilized eggs is limited in the region, but the distribution of meat and processed products outside the region is permitted.
After making public comments to the general public (public offering of opinions), the company aims to complete the procedure as early as October.
By using vaccines and allowing extraterritorial distribution of meat and other products, it is no longer a "clean country" that has been certified by international organizations, which could affect pork exports.
Since the outbreak in September last year, Japan has been temporarily on hold for the status of clean countries.
Under the proposed amendment, the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries has set the "recommended vaccination area" based on expert opinions on areas where there is a high risk of infection from wild boars to pigs.
The target prefecture will create a "vaccination program" that summarizes the scope, timing, number of heads, how to proceed, etc., and will be approved for use at the governor's discretion after the ministry's confirmation.
The other seven prefectures listed as recommended areas for vaccination are Saitama, Toyama, Ishikawa, Fukui, Nagano, Mie, and Shiga.
When the guidelines are revised, the region will look at the situation and make another decision.
As a general rule, the movement of inoculated pigs, semen, fertilized eggs, corpses, waste, etc. is limited to the region.
Meat and processed products are not covered in light of the cost of distribution restrictions and the impact on farmers, and effectively allows distribution outside the region.
In order not to spread the virus, thoroughly dispose of food waste.
He appealed for the safety of inoculated pigs and worked to prevent reputational damage.
The proposed amendment to the Guidelines was compiled at a meeting of experts held on the same day and confirmed at a meeting of the Health Prevention Headquarters.
In the future, opinions and public comments will be conducted to prefectures until October 7, and new health protection guidelines will be implemented.
Keisuke Honda of the independent, public approach to Man U!
"Give me an offer. I don't need money" (Football Channel) - Yahoo! News
9/28 (Sat) 2:57
After leaving Melbourne Victory in the Australian A-League last season, former Japan midfielder Keisuke Honda, who is now independent, took an amazing role.
[Movie] Keisuke Honda, was you actually in the game?
The truth of the astonishment is revealed.
Honda, who updated his Twitter account at midnight on 27th Japan time, said, "Please give me an offer. We don't need money, but we need to play with great teams and great teammates."
The opponent who sent the "reverse offer" was manchester United, the world's most famous.
Why did Honda make a grand request to one of the best clubs in the Premier League?
It all started in an australian article published today in FOX Sports.
In an article titled "Five forwards that Manchester United could grab in the brink of a succession of injuries," five independent players who are currently available have been picked up.
Among the players such as Hatem Ben Arfa, Giuseppe Rossi and Wilfredo Bonnie, Honda's name was also found.
United are currently in an emergency situation with a succession of injuries, including midfielder Paul Pogba, defender Luke Shaw, defender Eric Bylie, forward Antony Martial and forward Marcus Rashford.
The "red devil" led by coach Ole Gunnar Surchard has been forced to start a tough start with two wins and 22 losses in the league and is facing problems with the quality of the front line.
Then, it was Honda that the Australian media named it as a new strength candidate for the teco.
The article analyzes that Honda's contract as a creative player, not strictly speaking, is filled with the holes that Andreas Pereira is filling."
His nine goals in 18 appearances at Melbourne Victory are "solid", but it has also been pointed out that "the 33-year-old Honda needs to move away from his entertainment of the Cambodian national team and gain full attention."
Will Honda's approach really bear fruit?
It's also worth noting whether United will move for veterans who have declared that their goal is to compete in next year's Tokyo Olympics.
Completion of installation of 500 portable translation machines Hamamatsu Chamber of Commerce, free loan to stores, etc. - Shizuoka Shimbun At-S
"Poketalk", a portable translation machine that is loaned free of charge to 500 stores in Hamamatsu City
The Hamamatsu Chamber of Commerce and Industry announced on June 26 that it has completed the installation of a total of 500 units at stores in Hamamatsu City by lending the portable translation machine "PokeTalk" to member offices free of charge.
It is said that it is the first time in Japan to centrally deploy the translation machine in the same region, and it is attracting attention whether it will lead to improvement of inbound (tourists) to Japan.
The loan destinations are 236 restaurants, 113 retail stores, 17 accommodation facilities, and 134 others.
Naka-ku accounts for 60% of the total.
We also started to display the loan destination to the map app "Google Maps", so that you can see the location of "foreign language-enabled stores" on your smartphone.
It can be accessed from the site of The Lake Hamana tourist area.
The free loan of PokeTalk, which supports 74 languages, was launched in April in an initiative that received the "Japan's Best Inbound Support City Hamamatsu" declaration by nine organizations in the city.
The Chamber of Commerce will purchase 500 units and rent them out to small and medium-sized business establishments that meet conditions such as obtaining hospitality certification and introducing cashless payments for two years.
A representative of the Chamber of Commerce said, "In the midst of a severe business environment, we hope that this will lead to the development of new foreign customers."
Now Naodora master Hiroyo Ikemura does not need to tee up even the first hit?
Today's Caddy's Best Shot
1W shots are not necessarily tee-ups.
There is also a technique called "Naodora" that hits the ball on the ground when you want to earn a distance, such as the second hit of the par 5.
In recent 1W, there is a risk that the ball will scatter due to the large head volume, but there are players who often practice this on the tee ground.
Hiroyo Ikemura is waiting for his first tour victory.
The 24-year-old, who is in his seventh year as a pro, is 166cm tall and is currently ranked 7th in the driving distance category (average 304.02yd).
While he excelled at long shots, one of the challenges was fairway wood accuracy.
In early spring, he opened his eyes, saying, "I didn't like the shot of the spoon (3W), so I thought I'd try a straight Dora."
From the practice round, the ball is dropped on the turf of the tee area, and it is likely to shake off 1W.
In cases where big carry is required, tee-up is used a lot, but both sides make effective use of straight Dora in narrow holes.
"It can be used in holes where eyes are down."
In the ballistic instrument, 270yd to 280yd is recorded with carry.
"That's why I don't need 3W. Caddy is also more secure than 3W. 」 。
From the Japan Tour Championship in June, there are only 1W wood in the caddy bag.
The second longest club is the 17-degree UT in the loft.
The strategy, which is surprising to fellow tour members, is also a joyful voice of admiration leaking from the gallery you've seen.
The trick is to swing the club to the level.
"Whether it's a down blow or a hit on the upper, it doesn't fly straight. If it is a cut trajectory, it goes to the right. Originally, I was doing a straight Dora to correct the swing of 1W shots (at the time of tee-up). In this practice, the attack angle (the angle of incidence of the club) will also be moderated."
The ball is not caught and involves the risk of slicing, but "so the left side can be erased (not turning to the left)."
I'll tell you in a simply way, but... And, it is a professional technique which becomes involuntarily.
First Ice at Norikuradake Tatamidaira (Gifu Shimbun Web) - Yahoo! News
Ice observed for the first time this season at Tsuruke Pond in Tatamidaira, Mount Norikura, on the morning of 27th, Tanyukawa-cho, Takayama City (provided by Norikura Skyline Management Office)
Ice was observed for the first time this season at Tsuruke Pond in Tatamidaira (Tanyugawa-cho, Takayama City, Gifu Prefecture, altitude 2,702 meters) in the Northern Alps.
It is four days later than last year and one day earlier than the average for the past decade.
At around 6:25 a.m., officials patrolling the road confirmed that about 2 millimeters thick ice was stretched on the west side of Tsuruke Pond, according to the Norikura Skyline Management Office.
The weather at the time of observation was sunny and the temperature was 3 degrees.
According to the Gifu Regional Meteorological Observatory, the lowest temperature in the prefecture on that day was 9.5 degrees Celsius in Rokusogawa-cho, the same city.
Let's experience the para competition!
Caravan event at AEON Onahama until tomorrow " Iwaki Minpo official website
With the aim of fostering momentum for the 2020 Tokyo Paralympics, Tokio Marine & Nichido Fire Insurance's "Challenge 6" in Fukushima Prefecture, a caravan event in six prefectures of Tohoku, began on August 28 at AEON MALL Iwaki Onahama.
As a Paralympic event, there is a corner where you can experience six events: boccia, wheelchair fencing, wheelchair basketball, goalball, athletics, and wheelchair rugby, and it is crowded with shoppers.
Challenge 6 was held one location in six prefectures in the Tohoku region from July to October, and AEON MALL Iwaki Onahama was the venue in Fukushima Prefecture.
The Paralympic games are still less well-known than the Olympic games, but through Challenge 6, the aim is to make many people understand by having the same experience as para-athletes even a little.
The venue is dressed in yellow costumes and says ,Getz! The familiar comedy talent Dandy Sakano-san came and experienced the competition together and showed excitement.
On the 29th, comedy talent Maggie will come to the scene.
Until the 29th.
The time is from 10:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.
Children's Play Facility and Minaminumahara Elementary School, Construction Overview Determined Yamagata City - Yamagata Shimbun
The successful bidder for the children's play facility and minaminumabara small new school building, which Yamagata City is planning to build under the social capital development (PFI) system using private funds, was decided, and the outline of the facility was explained at the Standing Committee of the City Council held on June 26.
Image of a new children's play facility in Kataya, Yamagata City
The children's play facility is scheduled to be built on the north side of Yamagata Kunaka in the Katayachi area, with a land area of approximately 23,400 square meters.
The building is a steel-framed flat with a total floor area of approximately 3,000 square meters.
It has a semi-basement gymnasium, a café, and a book corner.
In addition, it is equipped with universal design play equipment that children with disabilities can play outdoors, and 300 parking spaces are secured.
A review committee was held at the city hall on May 5, and a shelter group (Yamagata City), which is formed by 13 companies, won the bid for 3.05 billion yen, including design, preparation for opening a business, and maintenance, and operation costs for 15 years.
The company will begin designing and construction in January 2022 and is scheduled to open in March 2022.
Image of Minaminumabara Elementary School Building
Minaminumahara Elementary School is a large-scale school with more than 900 children.
Construction is scheduled to be built on the north side of the current school building in Iizawa City, with a land area of approximately 21,500 square meters.
The three-story reinforced concrete building has a total floor area of approximately 8,580 square meters.
There are 30 classrooms, two pools, a steel gymnasium, and an after-school children's club.
At a review committee meeting held on June 6, the Eight-company Ichimura Corporation Group (Yamagata City) won the bid for 4,512.1 million yen, including design, demolition costs of the old school building, and maintenance and operation costs for 15 years.
It will be designed and built in December and is scheduled to be completed in October 2010.
Fusari "This time it's time to fulfill love... Fuji Rendra starring Yuko Niigi & Kengo Takara "Motokalemania" appearance decision (Sports Hochi) - Yahoo! News
Actress Fusari (29) will appear in the new Fuji TV drama "Motokalemania" starring Yuko Niigi (25) and Kengo Takara (31) (starting On October 17, Thursday, 10:00 a.m.).
Fusari plays Chizuru Kaga, a colleague of a major food manufacturer played by Akio Yamashita, played by Kenta Hamano (38).
Chizuru, the original character of the drama, who does not appear in the original story, is not interested in marriage and says that marriage is a "means" to prevent financial difficulties.
It was Yamashita who appeared there.
Seeing the future and how to eat rice is beautiful, which has been promoted from Hokkaido to the Tokyo head office, which is rare, he approaches "the right marriage partner".
Chizuru looks strong in mental, but in fact he is as weak mental as tofu.
In order to lay a love strategy to keep you from hurting, you will be violently upset if things don't go as expected.
Chizuru, who lives with a bluff, meets Yurika and Yamashita, played by Yuko Niigi, and depicts how things change in contact with each other.
This is the first time that Fuji, who has appeared in a number of popular tv series such as NHK serial TV novel "Toto-neechan" (April-October 2016) and TBS series "Black Pean" (April 2018), will appear in Fuji-based terrestrial dramas.
Fusari says, "I have a lot of roles where love doesn't bear fruit for some reason, so I hope that this time (love) will be fulfilled (laughs). I'd like to enjoy performing Kaga Chizuru," he says, "I'm looking forward to seeing the cast, staff, and how I can create this world of "Motokaremania" with the cast, who are full of individuality and charm. I hope it will be a drama that will make everyone look forward to 10 o'clock every Thursday."
In addition, It was decided that Kuto Okura (17) will play Chizuru's junior new employee Hattori Bo.
Okura, who is the youngest regular cast member, shows a fresh performance full of youth.
GQ MEN's 10-Day -Day9 "Skateboarding with Friends" (GQ JAPAN) - Yahoo! News
The means of transportation are exclusively skateboarding!
I've been hooked since my friends invited me to skate.
I'm still a beginner, but it feels good when I push through the asphalt.
Philson's hunting jacket is convenient because you can put your smartphone, wallet, or luggage, and you can be hands-free.
If it is shorts, the wind is felt directly, and it feels good.
Not to mention the foot, lightly with Converse's skateboard shoes.
The fashion and culture around skateboarding are also cool, so I check magazines and insta frequently!
The haircut came to go to the salon run by the hairdresser of the skater in Yutenji.
I'm inspired by the tricks I haven't been able to do yet, the information about skateboard parks, and so on.
After school, it is our daily routine to walk around the city with my friends and skateboarding.
Wearing Items Beanie 10,000 yen (ANDERSEN-ANDERSEN/Maiden Company TEL03-5410-9777) Best 23,000 yen (FILSON/ Outer Rimts TEL03-5413-6957 - Tops 12,000 yen [PRE _ / Wag Ink TEL03-5791-1501 ] Shorts 6800 yen [PPPER / High! Standard TEL03-3464-2109 / Socks 1800 yen (CHICSTOCKS/ No Design TEL03-6677-6030] Sneakers 12,000 yen (CONVERSE SKATING/ Converse Information Store TEL0120-819-217]
Minister of Health, Labour and Welfare to Meet with Leprosy Family members at Three Ministries to Eliminate Discrimination - Shizuoka Shimbun at -S
Katsunobu Kato, Minister of Health, Labour and Welfare, announced at a press conference after the Cabinet meeting on October 27 that he would meet with the family of a former leprosy patient on October 2.
The Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare, the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (MEXT) and the Ministry of Justice also announced that discussions will be held on the same day to eliminate discrimination and prejudice against former patients and their families.
Mr. Kato said, "I want to listen carefully to the voices of my family and do my best to solve the problem."
As for the family of former patients, the Kumamoto District Court ordered the state to pay a total of about 376 million yen to 541 plaintiffs in a ruling in June.
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe announced that he would postpone the appeal, and the verdict was confirmed.
The government also said it would take activities such as compensation measures and human rights awareness.
A chance for male model applicants!
"Model Special Audition 2019" (Debut) - Yahoo! News
Among the participating companies, there are many offices of male models who demonstrate not only models but also actors and other multi-talented companies like Ryo Narita.
【Photo】 SOS Model Agency: Kenji Taniguchi
Magazine "MEN'S NON-NO" (Shueisha) exclusive model, and appearance of the movie "Human Disqualification" (now open to the public), the movie "Katsuben! "Sony Music Artists" to which Ryo Narita, who is highly regarded as an actor, is also highly regarded as an actor, such as starring in (to be released on December 13).
"SOS Model Agency" belonging to Kenji Taniguchi, who has appeared as Yoji Yamamoto GroundY/s'yte advertising model, as the movie "Kamen Rider Amazons" Amazon Alpha / Hitoshi Takayama, stage "Joker Game" As Lieutenant Colonel Yuki.
Stage "Sword Ranbu" Jiden - Day-to-Day Leaves Scatter - Jiro tachi role, hyper-projection play "Hikyu! Series Tsukishima Hotaru and other 2.5-dimensional stage active in the "Jeunesse" belonging to Ryotaro Kosaka.
"NVRMND inc. " belonging to SodaiO Yasunaga, who has been a model for Amazon Fushon Week and fashion magazine editorials and has recently been active in various brand models such as UNIQLO, NIKE, and adidas. 」 。
In addition to HIROTO's Prestige and Santen Pharmaceutical's "Sun Medical" commercials, which appear in commercials such as WEGO, Coropra, LINEB612, TikTok, Johnson & Johnson, the creation Japan agency belonging to Ei Ryumori who appears on the stage "Friendly Devil" "Akimachi Twilight" and "Marigold - Flower Words of Despair".
She has appeared in many women's magazines, including men's fashion magazines such as POPEYE and Smart.
A number of model offices are participating, including watchbooks of domestic and foreign brands, and "Berkin Style" to which HASE, which is widely active in advertising, etc. belongs.
The literary theory of weakness and sorrow to be released for the first time of the manuscript before the suicide of Akutagawa at the Shizuoka Shimbun At-S
Manuscript by Ryunosuke Akutagawa, which will be exhibited for the first time at tabata Fumishi Village Memorial Museum
The tabata Fumishi Village Memorial Museum in Kita-ku, Tokyo, obtained the manuscript of the essay "Continuing literary, too literary" published in his later years when the writer Ryunosuke Akutagawa (1892-1927) fought the literary theory with Junichiro Tanizaki by the 27th.
It will be exhibited at the museum from October 1.
Although the existence of essays was known, such as being included in the entire collection, it is said that this is the first time that a manuscript has been opened to the public.
It is believed to have been written severa months before Akutagawa committed suicide, and Mr. Takeshi Tanei, a research fellow at the Memorial Museum, said, "You can see that Akutagawa, who has become physically and mentally weak, faced with seriousness to literary challenges with a sad determination."
A total of 12 essays on 200-character manuscript paper were published in the April 27 issue of Bungei Shunshu.
Greta Toonberi questions why adults laugh and threaten their children.
Greta Toonberg, a Swedish environmental activist, delivered a speech on September 23 at the United Nations Climate Action Summit in New York.
While the speech is attracting attention, there is a message that insults Greta.
Tweets: Greta Toonberi: "Why Adults Laugh and Threaten Their Children?"
A political commentator said of Greta on an American television program, "I'm mentally ill. It is used by parents and the international left," said the television station, which was used by the speaker.
Even in Japan, there are many people on the Internet commenting on parts that are not greta's statements, such as "I feel sorry for being used" and "I'd better go to school."
On September 26, Greta posted on his Twitter account, "Why do adults spend their time mocking and threatening teenagers and children?"
"I'm going to come up with as many lies and conspiracy theories as I can think of."
Greta said, "Hey, it's started again. As you may have noticed, the people who dislike me are still active. My looks, my clothes, my attitude, and I'm chasing around where I'm different from others. They come up with as many lies and conspiracy theories as they can think of."
And, it pointed out that adults seemed to shift the point of the talk because they did not want to face the crisis in the climate and the environment, and it continued like this.
To be honest, I can't understand why adults spend time mocking and threatening teenagers and children.
to be able to do another good at that time.
I think they feel threatened by us.
But don't spend your time paying no more attention to them.
The world is starting to wake up.
Change is coming.
Whether adults like the change or not.
Meet you on Friday on the street!
On Friday 20, the previous week, there were strikes on climate change in New York and other parts of the world.
Greta called for the school to be held on Friday the 27th.
HuffPost Japanese Editorial Department
Program Council: Akita Tv (Sankei Shimbun) - Yahoo! News
The 432nd Broadcast Program Council (Chairman Kiyohiko Ehata) of Akita Television was held, and "Editors, culinary professionals, and celebrities push it" broadcasted on August 16th. "Curry in Akita that is really delicious" was discussed.
The program introduced each ichi-pushing curry shop, the points to enjoy the professional taste at home, and the secret story of the birth of a special retort curry.
The committee members said, "It's simple and the concept and theme are clear." Curry bread also appeared and there was a tempo", "I was able to see it from a different point of view from the gourmet site", while there were also opinions such as "long reproduction drama" and "I wanted one-point advice on professional curry making".
Rikuya Hoshino "Rough Shibame Became a Learning Experience Unlike Usual" Aims to Win The Prize King in Reversal (Golf Network) - Yahoo! News
The Final Round of the Sinkhandonhe Open, co-hosted by the Japan-Korea A-Tour, took place on 22 August at Bear's Best Cheongna Golf Club (7238-yard par 71) in South Korea, where Rikuya Hoshino finished in fifth place with a 9-under-alone finish with a one-eagle, two-birdie, one-bogey "68."
[Movie] coming to Japan!
Garcia's Wedge Shot
We were able to improve to a certain extent in the first half, so I thought we could go with that momentum in the second half, but the putter didn't go well and we couldn't improve, so that was disappointing.
- Did you see the championship with Eagle 6 and Birdie on No.7?
Even after I hit a bogey at No.4, I still had a par 5, so when I was trying to get it back, i got a chip-in eagle at No.6.
Even at No.7, I got a birdie and it was a chance, but I was disappointed that I couldn't improve in the second half.
- What did you get in this tournament?
I haven't been in good shape recently, so it was good that I was able to keep the fairway even on a narrow course.
The rough was also a course where the order and the reverse eye were different, and the way of hitting and the distance changed, so I didn't have much experience, so I learned a lot.
- What is the difference from the usual tournament?
It is a place where it was possible to take a camera (such as a smartphone).
I didn't care at all, but the gallery was taking videos and stuff.
Other than that, there weren't many things that changed, but it was just a tournament where there weren't many Japanese players in co-organizers, so we went into the match with the feeling that we wouldn't lose to overseas players.
The second half will continue, but I want to win another match because I can't aim for the prize king if I don't win more than one, and I'll do my best to get the top spot in that tournament because there is also the ZOZO Championship up close.
How to prevent dementia and keep it to the extent of "forgetting"?
Interview/Text/ Yo Watanabe
A drug for dementia that major pharmaceutical companies and university hospitals are frustrated with the challenge of research and development.
However, the relationship between dementia and lifestyle is being elucidated, and it has become clear that there is a possibility that it is possible to keep it to the extent that it is extremely mild and forgotten.
We spoke to Professor Shunsuke Otsuki of The Stroke Center, University Hospital.
Dementia doesn't go away
― Dementia prevention or therapeutic drugs are long-awaited, but what is the current situation?
Otsuki: From mild to severe, there is a possibility that everyone will develop dementia as they age, regardless of the degree of difference.
However, it is thought that it will take more than 20 years for a new dementia drug to be developed.
The drug Donepezil, which is often used in Japan, is already out of insurance in some countries overseas, and the effect of a remarkable complete cure is not expected.
On the other hand, as deaths from infectious diseases and accidents have decreased, and cancer deaths have decreased due to remarkable advances in the treatment of anticancer drugs, people have been able to live longer.
Therefore, it is also true that the number of people with dementia is increasing.
It is necessary to create an environment in which society as a whole can live with peace of mind, rather than being able to solve problems only by the individual and his/her family.
How to keep it to the extent of "forgetfulness"
― Are there people who are prone to dementia or who are less likely to become?
Otsuki: Even if it is inevitable that you will develop dementia, there is a possibility that you can suppress the symptoms as much as possible and stay to the extent that you forget things.
Dementia is considered as one of lifestyle-related diseases, and there is a tendency for people who are more likely to become it.
First of all, people with metabolic syndrome tend to be prone to dementia.
Dementia is regarded as one of lifestyle-related diseases.
It is a combination of obesity, high blood pressure, diabetes, high cholesterol.
The presence or absence of economic power will also be affected.
For example, in some areas of the United States, food tickets are distributed to the poor, but food that can be served is frozen hamburgers, pizzas, and chicken that can be stored.
It can be used by people who cannot use gas or electricity and live in an environment where they cannot cook in the first place.
Then, it becomes a meal with little vegetables and protein, and it becomes a life biased to lipids and carbohydrates.
Before long, he became obese even though he was in poverty, and when it came to doing things, he had no choice but to watch TV and become crippled.
A similar situation can be in Japan.
In addition, people who do not think about things and do not work tend to be prone to dementia.
In other words, in order to prevent dementia, it is necessary to read books and think about things on a daily basis, not to become metabolic syndrome.
Okayama tourism and specialty products PR Bicchu Marche Manki-dong VR also appeared: Sanyo Shimbun Digital - San Digi
"Okayama Sunny Country Bicchu Marche" (sponsored by the Prefectural Bicchu Prefectural Bureau, etc.), which promotes sightseeing spots and specialty products in the Bicchu area, began on July 27 in the plaza of JR Osaka Station for two days.
Earlier this month, Niimi City, which was hit by local heavy rains, set up a VR (virtual reality) experience corner in Manki-dong to sell its appeal to people in the Kansai area.
Seven cities and towns: Kurashiki, Kasaoka, Ihara, Sosha, Niimi, Asaguchi, and Yakake participated.
There were corners such as making fans using masking tape (Kurashiki City), making denim key chains (Ihara City), and making kaleidoscopes (Asaguchi City) named after observatory telescopes, and station users stopped by.
In the VR experience of Manki-dong, visitors used their own goggles to simulate a walk in the cave.
A woman in Itami City, Hyogo Prefecture, said, "If you look left, you can see the view on the left and the right side, and I really felt like I was walking inside. If I get the chance, I'd like to experience a real manki-dong."
Kigenji, the valve of remorse Takanofuji's younger brother, guidance deviation act - Shizuoka Shimbun At-S
Takagenji Makuuchi, the twin brother of Ju-Ryo Takanofuji, who was urged to voluntarily retire by the Japan Sumo Association for assaulting a sumo wrestler in a sumo tournament, said on August 28 that he had been held responsible for an act that deviated from the scope of his guidance. We will start from the ground up, not from scratch, but negatively."
He was interviewed at Ryogoku Kokugikan in Tokyo, where he participated in the hana sumo tournament.
Takanofuji held a press conference on 27 August asking for his continued career.
Kigenji learned about the press and advised him that he should stop, but he has not been able to contact him since then.
"I grew up in the same environment, but my brother and I have different ways of thinking," he said.
Jaguar F-PACE to make first major improvement... Possibility of hybridization (response) - Yahoo! News
For the first time in southern Europe, a camera has captured a new prototype of Jaguar's first crossover SUV, the F-PACE.
F-PACE originated from the C-X17, a four-faced four-faced SUV that was first unveiled in 2013.
In 2014, the five-spotr version was released, and it officially debuted as the F-PACE at the 2015 Frankfurt Motor Show.
The next year, the first current model was launched in 2016, and this will be the first face lift.
The prototype is covered with thick camouflage, but you can see some of the new design.
The headlights are designed to be more compact and thin, and the side air intake seems to have been modified to a sporty oval.
The grill is completely disguised, but it will definitely be redesigned.
At the rear end, you can see some of the revamped taillights with elongated reverse lights at the top.
There is a possibility that the design which turns greatly to the side like the current model has been compactly corrected.
The cabin is expected to feature the company's Pivi Pro touchscreen infotainment system, as well as a new digital cluster, HVAC control screen, steering wheel and gear selector.
The powertrain is expected to be a 2.0-liter inline 4-cylinder turbodiesel, as well as a hybrid 3.0-liter inline 6-cylinder insinium.
The world premiere is likely to be in 2020.
Rapid increase in sales due to nuclear power plant-related construction A company that provides 300 million yen to its former assistant - Shizuoka Shimbun At-S
Kansai Electric Power Co., Ltd. head office: Afternoon of 27th, Osaka City (from Kyodo News Agency Heli)
Due to the problem that Kansai Electric Power Co.Chairman Makoto Yagi, 69, and others received gold and goods from Eiji Moriyama, a former assistant officer in Takahama-cho, Fukui Prefecture, where the Kanden Takahama Nuclear Power Plant is located (died in March this year at the age of 90), a local construction company that provided Mr. Moriyama about 300 million yen was found to have seen a significant increase in sales in the past few years due to orders for nuclear power plant-related construction.
The construction company was established in 1981 and was established by Yoshida Development Co., Ltd.
According to the credit research firm, sales for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2013 were 350 million yen, but in the fiscal year ended August 31, 2015, sales exceeded 1 billion yen and exceeded 2.1 billion yen in the fiscal year ended August 31, 2018.
Kanden's nuclear power plant-related construction accounted for much of the work.
Driving in Kagoshima City "I'm going to kill you" arrested on suspicion of threatening a man (KTS Kagoshima TV) - Yahoo! News
On the 24th of this month, a 33-year-old unemployed man was arrested on suspicion of "driving" a vehicle and threatening to "kill" a man who was driving on a national highway in Kagoshima City.
Suspect Masaru Miyahara, 33, an unemployed man from Karaminato 4-chome in Kagoshima City, was arrested on suspicion of intimidation.
According to the police, Miyahara is suspected of threatening the man by persistently chasing a vehicle driven by a 24-year-old man on a national highway in Kagoshima City just after midnight on the 24th of this month, saying, "I'm going to kill you."
On the 25th, the man filed a damage report and the police were investigating, but on the afternoon of the 26th, Miyahara appeared at the police station accompanied by a friend, saying, "I was scared of being taken up by footage of driving on TV and social media," and was arrested.
Miyahara admitted the charges and said he was "forced to brake suddenly" about his motives.
The police are investigating the suspect suspect miyahara as a suspected driver without a license.
News, Keiichiro Koyama's daily meal contents are open to the public!
TOKYO MX "Kenjiro Koyama's Healthy Worker's BORDER30"&gt; (The Television) - Yahoo! News
On Friday, September 27, the third episode of the new health promotion variety "Keiichiro Koyama's Healthy Person's BORDER30 - The Road to Health Guided by Specialists" (TOKYO MX) will be broadcasted by Keiichiro Koyama of NEWS as MC.
Comments also arrived from Koyama who had finished recording.
[View image]
In order to stay healthy in the future, it is important to spend your 30s. Keiichiro Koyama learns about health!
This program is a "health program for young people" where Koyama, who is 35 years old and begins to worry about his own health, learns what he wants to know about health.
Specialists from various fields will appear in the program to answer the questions of Koyama and his guests.
This year's theme is "Vitamins".
Guests include Naoko Nozawa and Diana Extravaganza, where they learn about the types of vitamins and how they work.
In addition, there is also a plan to publish the contents of the meal of the day in order to confirm whether Koyama who is taking care of health on a daily basis is enough vitamins.
Koyama, who finished this recording, said, "I think there are many people who seem to know how vitamins are related to their health, and I hope that this program will eliminate the misunderstandings they have about vitamins that can't be taken only by taking certain vitamins! I've been commenting.
Onsaligo-san gave me strength as a pacemaker in Nagai and elementary school track and field, three people updated the tournament record - Yamagata Shimbun
Children running in the women's 800 meters.
On the left is pacemaker Joseph Onsarigo, Nagai City, Koyo Seiki Athlete Field Nagai
The Nagai City Elementary School Friendly Athletics Tournament was held on June 26 at Koyo Seiki Athlete Field Nagai (City Athletic Stadium) in the city, and in some races, Long-distance runner Joseph Onsarigo (27) from Kenya served as a pacemaker.
With a light run, the three of them set a new record for the tournament.
Onsaligo pulled the child in a total of four races of the men's 1000 meters and the women's 800 meters.
In the men's race, first-placed Tomoya Koseki (6th year of Hirano Elementary School) was 3 minutes 4 seconds 38, the first-placed Ransei Shigama (6th year of Isazawa Elementary School) marked 2 minutes 34.17, and second-placed Ryo Asano (6th year of Nagai Elementary School) scored 2 minutes 35.73, respectively.
Mr. Koseki said, "It was hard to keep up with the fast Onsarigo player, but I was able to put up with it," said Shigama, "Onsarigo said to me, 'Pace up.'"
Onsaligo said, "The children's running was good. I was able to do the perfect job as well."
The event was organized by Nagai City Elementary School Sports Promotion Association and others to encourage sixth graders in the city to deepen their friendship, and this is the 39th event.
Toshiyuki Nishida dismisses jealous Melamela's Akira Nakao as "level different" "I went to red and white three times" (Sports News) - Yahoo! News
Actors Hidetoshi Nishijima (48), Toshiyuki Nishida (71) and Akira Nakao (77) gave a speech on the opening day of the movie "Nintei Gakuen" (written by Satoshi Konno, directed by Hisashi Kimura) at TOHO Cinemas Shinjuku, Tokyo on July 27.
It is a world-change human comedy with a unique and strong cast.
Nishida performed an arranged version of "Until We Meet Again" not only as an appearance but also as an insertion song in a tag with the Tokyo Ska Paradise Orchestra.
To this, Nakao said, "The most frustrating thing about watching the movie was that Nishida was singing."
Nishida boasted, "I've been to red and white three times in the past. If possible, I would like you to say that you are a singer rather than an actor. The level is different from Nakao."
And he promised to perform a live song, saying, "If the movie's packed thanks continue, then."
State-of-the-art art okayama art exchange to another world opens in the city center: Sanyo Shimbun Digital - San Digi
People who go around the classroom which became the stage of the video work which drew the future 3,000 years from now
The Okayama Art Exchange 2019, an international art exhibition held every three years in the center of Okayama City, was held on July 27.
In line with the mysterious title "IF THE SNAKE If Snake", art fans from Japan and abroad are enjoying cutting-edge art by 18 artists from nine countries.
For the second time since 2016, french artist Pierre Yuig was invited as artistic director to develop works that take advantage of Okayama's climate and local resources.
About 40 works including videos and three-dimensional works will be presented at 13 locations, including the former Uchiyamashita Elementary School (Marunouchi, Kita-ku, Okayama City) and Tenjinyama Cultural Plaza (Dotenjin-cho).
Prior to the opening, an opening ceremony was held at the same small school, and about 100 people, including those involved, attended.
Executive Committee Chairman Masao Omori and General Producer Yasuharu Ishikawa said, "We have a selection of works that stimulate intellectual sensibility and inspire imagination and creativity. If it becomes an exhibition that attracts attention from all over the world," he said, cutting the tape.
Families who visited immediately and children of off-campus study looked into the snake-shaped robot which twisted the body in response to the surrounding sound in the ring of the schoolyard, and went around the school building which tried to turn into the stage of the image work which drew the world 3,000 years later.
I was enjoying the art that leaded to a different world.
A first-year high school student in Tokyo, who is traveling with his father, said, "It's interesting to see a work that takes advantage of the atmosphere of the old school building. It makes me imagine the time that flowed to this place."
Closed on Mondays (or the next day if Monday is a national holiday) until November 24.
Hong Kong, Umbrella Movement rally in five years Tens of thousands of people aim for general elections - Shizuoka Shimbun At -S
Five years have passed since the Umbrella Movement occurred, and people gathered at the meeting hall on 28th, Hong Kong (jointly)
Hong Kong Joint: On the 28th of five years after the outbreak of the Umbrella Movement, a large-scale demonstration called for the democratization of the Hong Kong Chief Executive Secretary's election, tens of thousands of people were held in a park near the Hong Kong Government Headquarters building in Admirariti, where the largest base for demonstrators was located.
In the vicinity of the venue, some young people occupied the main road and threw fire bottles at the government building.
As protests continued stemming from the proposed amendment to the Fugitive Ordinance, participants renewed their determination to fight until the "true general election" that they could not win at the time.
Protests, which went into full swing in June, reached 112 days, more than 79 days after the Umbrella Movement, and the demands of the demonstrators extended to "five major demands", including reform of the electoral system.
Ibaraki Kokutai Opens Today 28th - Sports - Saga Shimbun News - Saga Shimbun LiVE
The 74th National Sports Festival "Ikiiki Ibaraki Yume Kokutai 2019" will be held on October 28 at Kasamatsu Sports Park Athletic Stadium in Hitachinaka City, Ibaraki Prefecture, and a 11-day heated match will begin until October 8.
About 400 athletes and coaches will compete in 33 competitions, excluding the pre-event, and challenge the nation's powerhouses with the pride of their hometown in mind.
The prefecture had slumped to 43rd place for three consecutive years until the year before last, but rose to 33rd place last year.
We are also strengthening our efforts for the National Sports Festival to be held in the prefecture in 2023, and this year we are aiming for the first half of the 20th place.
In the pre-event competition held by the 16th, the Rhythmic Gymnastics Boys and Women's Saga Girls' High School and the adult girls and boys and girls of gymnastics both won the sixth place.
I want to ride the flow in each competition and aim to advance to the top.
At the general opening ceremony, a total of 83 players, managers and headquarters officers will march for the 40th, and Rugby Boys and Boys, Sogo Ishikawa (Saga Koko) will be the flag bearers.
On the first day, there will be three competitions: wrestling, table tennis and karate.
