Nana Suzuki (The Television) - Yahoo!news
On Monday, September 30, Nana Suzuki appeared on TV Asahi's "Don't Be Like Me! !" (every Monday at midnight, 0:20-0:50) as "Don't Be Like Me! !"
We're going to show you an episode of studio turmoil.
[See photo] Studio all draw?
Nana Suzuki Demonstrates "Too Disrespectful Body Touch"
In addition, the full version of the class and the comedy club will be broadcast on AbemaTV's "Abema Video" from 12:50 a.m. immediately after the terrestrial broadcast.
In this broadcast, Suzuki appears as "a teacher who was hated by the world without knowing if he was doing his best" and gives a class.
Suzuki made her modeling debut in 2007 at the age of 18 in a gal magazine.
Since his first appearance on a TV program in 2011, he has been active in lively variety with high-tension talks and over-reactions.
This year in the first year of the Reiwa era, Suzuki won first place in the Variety and Others category of the "Hate Woman Ranking" published in a weekly magazine.
Furthermore, it is said that he was also ranked second in the entertainment industry as a whole.
As a result, Suzuki reveals that his mother is shocked and that his husband has been tampered with at work, causing trouble for his family.
In the class, he looks back on Suzuki's history as a talent, how he reached the top of the "Hate Woman Ranking".
It is said that the background of Suzuki's excessive all-out talk and reaction was a word from a senior entertainer.
In addition, Suzuki continued to escalate the radicality not only with reactions but also with "full body touch" and "full force underneath".
In the past, Suzuki demonstrated the body touch that he had performed with his big co-stars, but the studio was shocked by his rudeness.
Immediately after the terrestrial broadcast, the full version of the class and the comedy club were delivered.
Suzuki openly reveals laughter episodes from his time as a gal (gal's circle) and "private secrets with her husband" that he exposed in order to liven up the scene.
Setouchi City Adds Own "Electronic Gift Certificate" to Return Gifts: Sanyo Shimbun Digital | Sandigi
Electronic Gift Certificate "e-Gai Gift".
The payment is made by contacting a dedicated device.
The city of Setouchi announced on April 27 that it will add its own electronic gift certificate, the "e-Gai Gift," as a return gift for hometown tax payments.
It is available from November at member stores in the city.
It is said to be the first municipality in the prefecture.
If you pay the hometown tax and select an electronic gift voucher as a reward, 30 percent of the donation amount will be sent to the designated smartphone.
The voucher screen is displayed at the time of purchase, and the store makes a payment by contacting a dedicated stamp-type device.
It cannot be transferred or resold.
Return gifts usually take a certain amount of time from application to arrival, but electronic gift certificates can be received instantly.
It can be easily used by tourists.
In addition to the five hometown tax payment portal sites, it is also accepted at the city's two special sites.
The company currently has 13 member stores, and aims to have 100 by the end of this fiscal year.
To prevent excessive competition among local governments, the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications (MIC) established a new system in June to limit the amount of return gifts procured to 30 percent or less of the donation amount and to restrict them to local products.
The city plans to have merchants dealing with local products as member stores, and within the guidelines.
In fiscal 2018, the city of Setouchi paid about 430 million yen in hometown taxes.
Japan fails to advance to Men's Hundred Finals, World Athletics Day 2 | Shizuoka Shimbun AT-S
Sani Brown Hakeem (left) starts the men's 100 meters semi-final.
Didn't make it to the finals in doha.
Kiryu Yoshihide (left) finishes the men's 100 meters semi-final.
【Doha】Sanibroun Hakeem (University of Florida), Yuki Koike (Sumitomo Electric Works) and Yoshihide Kiryu (Nippon Life Insurance) did not advance to the men's 100-meter semifinals in Doha on the second day of the World Championships in Athletics.
Japanese record holder Sani Brown finished 5th in 1 pair in 10.15 seconds, Koike finished 7th in 2 pairs in 10.28 seconds, and Kiryu finished 6th in 3 pairs in 10.16 seconds.
In the men's 400m obstacle semifinals, 3 pairs of Abe Takaharu (Yamada Denki) finished 3rd in 48.97 seconds and 2 pairs of Toyota Masaki (Hodai) finished 8th in 50.30 seconds.
Driving in high heels is dangerous!
(Auto Messe Web) - Yahoo!news
Violations of the Road Traffic Act
There have been increasing reports of accidents caused by mis-operation of the pedal, but it is a big mistake to think that this is a problem only for elderly drivers.
According to data from the National Police Agency in 2015, the number of accidents involving pedal missteps by age group was 1,080 for those aged 24 and under, exceeding 1,032 for those aged 75 and over.
Missteps are not common among the elderly, and it is important to call attention to young people in the same way.
Would you like to take a look at your feet?
Do you want to be safe?
There is no description of gender ratio or cause in the data, but unlike elderly people, who are often thought to be due to physical deterioration such as driving skills and reflexes, it is possible that young people accidentally make mistakes because they are distracted by other things such as music and conversation, or because they are wearing clothes.
Women, in particular, choose high heels, pumps, sandals, and mules, depending on the clothes of the day, and some people drive as they are.
Some people know that it is not suitable for driving, but it is troublesome to change shoes, but there are many people who drive without thinking at all about the possibility of leading to danger.
However, driving in high heels or sandals is against the Road Traffic Act.
One is to "reliably operate the steering wheel, brakes and other controls" and the other is to "violate the obligation to drive safely" stipulated in Article 70, which stipulates that "driving that causes an accident and injures a person."
For example, in the Miyazaki Prefecture Road Traffic Law Enforcement Regulations, there is a sentence in Article 12, "Do not wear slippers, hooks, high heels, or other footwear that may interfere with driving operations, or wear footwear in a way that interferes with driving operations, and do not drive vehicles (except light vehicles).
The same goes for each prefecture, which considers driving in "footwear that may interfere with driving operations" as a violation, even if it does not clearly state that it is a high heel.
Then, why is driving in high heels dangerous?
That's clear when you consider the basics of safely pedaling.
In order to operate the pedal safely, first fix the heel of the foot to the floor, place the foot so that it is perpendicular to the brake pedal, and when stepping on the accelerator pedal, tilt the toe to the right with that as the fulcrum.
At this time, regardless of the behavior of the car, it is important to secure the heel firmly so that it does not shake.
However, with high heels, the area where the heel touches the floor is small, and it will always be blurred, and because the whole foot is angled at the height of the heel, the area of the foot that touches the pedal is also small, so it is difficult to step firmly, and it is difficult to make fine adjustments.
This is thought to lead to danger.
Also, most cars have floor carpets, but high heel heels are easy to get caught in this material, and when it comes to sudden braking, the heel gets caught and the pedal can not be stepped on, or the high heel can be taken off due to the time signature caught by the heel, and it can be stuck in the back of the pedal and can not be stepped on.
In addition, there are cases where the heel gets stuck on the back of the pedal when you step on the pedal and the accelerator pedal does not return.
Toyota Accelerates Joint Development of New AWD Vehicle and Next 86/BRZ Model to Make Subaru an Equity Method Affiliate (Response) - Yahoo!news
Toyota Motor Corporation and Subaru Corporation (Subaru) agreed on a new business and capital alliance on September 27.
Toyota will acquire additional shares of Subaru and make it an equity-method affiliate.
Since the conclusion of the business alliance in 2005, the two companies have been collaborating on the commissioned production of Toyota vehicles by Subaru, the supply of vehicles from Toyota to Subaru, and the joint development of FR sports cars "86" and "BRZ".
In June this year, the two companies also agreed to develop EV-specific platforms and EV vehicles utilizing Subaru's all-wheel drive (AWD) technology and Toyota's electrification technology.
In this business and capital alliance, Toyota will acquire additional shares of Subaru.
Toyota currently owns 16.83% of Subaru's shares, which it will acquire until it reaches 20%.
Subaru will become an affiliate of Toyota's equity method.
On the other hand, Subaru will acquire Toyota shares equivalent to the amount it took to acquire Subaru shares (up to 80 billion yen).
The two companies will develop and strengthen their cooperative relationship through business and capital alliances.
Co-development of the AWD model and the next 86/BRZ model, expansion of the installation of THS (Toyota Hybrid System) in Subaru vehicles, collaboration in the connected field, and technological collaboration in the autonomous driving field will be promoted.
Rice Reaches Minimum Refugee Acceptance Rate for Third Consecutive Year, 18,000 People | Shizuoka Shimbun at-s
Washington, Oct. 26 (UPI) -- The U.s. Department of State on Thursday announced plans to reduce the maximum number of refugees it will receive from around the world to 18,000 in the 2020 fiscal year (October 2019-September 2020).
This is the third consecutive year that the minimum number of refugees since the enactment of the Refugee Act in 1980 has been updated.
Looking ahead to next year's presidential election, the Trump administration aims to appeal to conservatives about its strict immigration and refugee policies.
With a steady stream of people being expelled from their countries, it is inevitable that human rights groups will criticize the government.
The Obama administration set the upper limit for fiscal 2017 at 110,000, but the Trump administration inaugurated in January 2017 reversed it and reduced it to 50,000.
The number has been decreasing year by year, from 45,000 in fiscal 2018 to 30,000 in fiscal 2019.
Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare Confirms Instruction: Hokkaido Shimbun
The Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare (MHLW) has notified all prefectures and ordinance cities nationwide in writing by October 28 to check if there are similar cases and to provide guidance as necessary.
According to the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare, several facilities have been identified, including one that only raises the usage fee for three-year-olds and older who are eligible for subsidies, and another that raises the price from October.
Complaints were also lodged at a call center set up by the Cabinet Office for free of charge.
According to the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare, "a price increase without a reason should not be allowed."
"D-8" torch burns at 100th National Sports Festival in Dokdo, South Korea (Chuo Daily) - Yahoo!news
A torch was set ablaze on Dokdo, the easternmost island of the Republic of Korea, to announce the 100th National Sports Festival.
At 6:30 a.m. on June 26, Seoul City held a torchlight event to commemorate the National Sports Festival at the Helicopter landing site of the Dokdo National Guard in Ulleung-gun, Gyeongsangbuk-do.
It has been 15 years since the 85th National Sports Festival was held in Chungbuk in 2004.
Following a kite-flying performance to pray for peace, Kim Seong-hwan, vice-chairman of the Seoul Municipal Assembly, read out the declaration.
Vice-chairperson Kim said, "We stood on the island to remember the last 99 years of the National Sports Festival and praise the will of the nation to self-determine," adding, "One hundred years ago, our people made the shining history of the March 1 Movement and the establishment of the government of the Republic of Korea, and we would like to add the 100-year history of the National Sports Festival to that history."
Greetings from the head of Ulleung County were also followed.
Kim Byung-soo, the head of Ulleung County, said, "Recently, Japan has tightened its economy for no reason and insists that Dokdo is its territory."
Vice-chairman Kim and county chief Kim then lit the torch together.
The torch was handed over to the first runners, Captain Ho Won-seok of the Dokdo National Guard and member Oh Yo-sef, through the torchbearer Cho Seong-ho, the head of the Seoul Metropolitan Sports Promotion Division.
The ignition of the torch on Dokdo Island was scheduled to take place on the 21st, but was postponed north of Typhoon Hagibis.
Captain Ho Won-seok, who has been working in Dokdo since January this year, said, "It is lonely and difficult, but I am working with pride that no one can protect our territory."he added, "It is an honor to participate as a torch relay runner on the 100th anniversary of the athletic meet in Dokdo."
Captain Ho took over from the Helicopter landing site to the halfway point of Dokdo Island, while Captain Oh took over from the halfway point to the dock.
The torch will be moved to Ulleungdo Island and relayed to Seoul by Mr. Kim Seong-ho, a resident of Ulleung-gun, and Mr. Kim, the head of the county, at the Guanyindo Islands Bridge.
The torch was first lit at the Chamsondan in Ganghwado Island on May 22.
Because it is the 100th time, the torch relay is also held at the largest scale in history.
The torch of the Manisan trenches will go around Incheon, Goyang and Suwon.
The torch of Ganghwa Island is set ablaze as one of the fireworks after it is combined with the special ignition of Imjingak, Malad and Dokdo Island at Seoul Plaza on the 29th of this month.
On the other hand, Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon said at a media briefing on May 25 that "the power of collective intelligence is important now, not a few heroes," adding that "for this reason, the basic concept of the National Sports Festival has been decided on as 'many stars.'"
Korea-Bulgaria Summit Discussion on Expanding Cooperation in Nuclear and Defense Industries (Yonhap News) - Yahoo!news
Seoul According to Yonhap News, (SEOUL=Yonhap News) South Korean President Moon Jae-in met with Bulgarian Prime Minister Borissov during his official visit to South Korea to discuss ways to expand cooperation between the two countries.
This is the first visit by the Bulgarian Prime Minister to South Korea.
President Moon welcomed the visit to Korea ahead of the 30th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations next year and highly appreciated Prime Minister Borissov's leadership in leading Bulgaria's development.
The two leaders appreciated the continued increase in trade and investment between the two countries despite the expansion of protectionism around the world, and shared the view that they would work together to expand economic cooperation in the future.
President Moon welcomed Bulgaria's policy of granting "strategic investor" status to Korean companies and expressed his hope that this will encourage Korean companies to invest in Bulgaria.
He also emphasized that Korea can be the best partner for Bulgaria as it promotes the introduction of nuclear power plants and the modernization of national defense, and called for interest and cooperation so that Korean companies can participate in the Bulgarian government's ordering of nuclear power plants and the promotion of the defense industry.
In addition, the two leaders shared the view to strengthen future-oriented cooperation in the field of electric vehicle (EV) batteries and auto parts and in the field of renewable energy.
Prime Minister Borissov hoped for close cooperation between Korea's leading ICT (information and communication technology), science and technology, and education.
They also discussed the peace process on the Korean peninsula, and President Moon thanked the South Korean government for its efforts toward peace consolidation on the Korean peninsula, including Bulgaria's announcement supporting the inter-Korean-U.s.-North Korea summit.
Prime Minister Borissov appreciated President Moon's will to build a peace regime on the Korean Peninsula and the efforts of the Korean government, and reiterated his firm support for the Bulgarian government.
The meeting was also attended by Seong Yun-mo, Minister of Trade, Industry and Energy, Lee Ho-sung, Principal Secretary for Economic Affairs at Chongdae (Office of the President), and Kim Hyun-jong, Second Secretary of the State Security Office.
On behalf of Minister of Foreign Affairs Kang Kyung-hwa during his visit to the United States, First Vice-Minister Cho Se-yeon of the ministry was also present.
Kinki Ceramics, a manufacturer of Awaji tiles, a local industry in Awaji Island, Hyogo Prefecture, filed for quasi-self-bankruptcy (Teikoku Data Bank) - Yahoo!news
It was also affected by the sluggish housing market and the increasing number of 'consumers moving away from tiled roofs' due to repeated disaster damage.
Kinki Ceramic Co., Ltd. (TDB Corporate Code: 530173983; capital: 99.2 million yen; 881-8 Otani, Awaji City, Hyogo Prefecture; Representative: Kozo Fukuhara; 44 employees) filed for quasi-self-bankruptcy with the Kobe District Court on August 30.
Daichi Yoshida (1-10-8 Nishitenma, Kita-ku, Osaka-shi, Osaka-fu, Yoshida Daichi Law Office, telephone: 06-6365-6038) and one other attorney applied.
Nihon Onkyo Engineering Co., Ltd. is a manufacturer of roof tiles founded in June 1895 and reorganized as a corporation in April 1961.
At first, under the trade name of Kinki Ceramics Co., Ltd., the company started its business as a manufacturer of Ibushi tiles, a local industry of Awaji Island, in Seitan-cho, Mihara County (present-day Minami Awaji City).
In October 1986, he took over the business of Kinki Sangyo Co., Ltd. through an absorption-type merger of Kyowa Ceramics Co., Ltd., and at the same time, he changed the current trade name and moved the head office to its current location.
After that, it established sales offices in Fukuyama City, Hiroshima City, Oita City, Miyazaki City, etc., and the current system was established, and Ibushi-gawara was mainly used in the past, but due to changes in consumer needs, Western-style tiles such as flat plate tiles are now 70 percent and Japanese-style tiles such as Ibushi-gawara are 30 percent.
It has built a wide-ranging sales base centered in western Japan, including major house manufacturers, building materials trading companies, and roofing contractors, and posted annual sales of about 3.116 billion yen in the fiscal year ending December 2004.
As the top manufacturer of roof tiles on Awaji Island, it was well known.
However, demand was sluggish due to the sluggish housing market after the Lehman Shock and the repeated damages from the Great East Japan Earthquake and the Kumamoto Earthquake, and annual sales for the fiscal year ended December 2018 were down to about 1345 million yen.
On the profit side, in addition to a decline in profit margins due to the surge in fuel prices, the company faced a series of deficits due to excess interest-bearing liabilities associated with inventory burdens and capital expenditures, forcing it to face severe financing conditions.
For this reason, they tried to restructure their business by requesting financial institutions to ease repayment conditions for their loans, but there were no signs of recovery in business conditions and the financial situation gradually became tight.
After coming here, he was unable to support the project and gave up on continuing it, and this measure was taken this time.
The debt is currently under investigation, but is expected to be about 2 billion yen.
The Prefectural Dinosaur Museum in Katsuyama City, Fukui Prefecture, which promotes the "industrialization of tourism."
Katsuyama City in Fukui Prefecture announced on September 25 that it will acquire 25,300 square meters of land adjacent to the construction site of the roadside station "Dinosaur Valley Katsuyama," which will open next spring.
In order to accelerate the "industrialization of tourism" advocated by the city and the local business community, it aims to attract hotels and restaurants specializing in lodging.
On the same day, a board member explained at a special committee meeting for the establishment of an inviting base for the city council.
In addition to the opening of the Hokuriku Shinkansen in the spring of 2023, the opening of the entire prefecture section of the Chubu Jukan Expressway, expansion and renovation of the Prefectural Dinosaur Museum (Katsuyama City), and enhancement of functions, the city plans to promote a shift from day-trip tourism to stay-at-home tourism and attract accommodation facilities.
The acquisition is a private idle land next to the road station construction site east.
It is surrounded by the Kuzuryu-gawa River, the Takinami-gawa River and the prefectural road, and is more than twice as large as a roadside station (approximately 12,000 square meters).
Under the pretext of industrial complex development, the City Land Development Corporation will proceed with land negotiations from this fiscal year, and land will be developed in fiscal year 2009 through land acquisition and other measures.
According to the city, private companies such as farmers' restaurants, harvesting experience facilities, fast food and restaurants have already asked the city to enter the market.
As for lodging facilities, Sekisui House announced that it plans to attract hotels specializing in lodging adjacent to roadside stations all over the country.
Sekisui House plans to expand into three locations in Fukui Prefecture, but several other municipalities have indicated their intention to attract Sekisui House, and there is a possibility that it will compete.
In addition, the city is planning to develop a parking lot and other facilities.
Some members called for speeding up the process, saying that the maintenance schedule was too slow, and others said, "Let's make sure there is no land where we can fall asleep."
Vice Mayor Mizukami Mikio said, "We will promote the advantage of Katsuyama City by putting the Prefectural Dinosaur Museum and Ski Jam Katsuyama at the forefront," adding that he will do his utmost to attract hotels.
On the seventh day of the autumn Hokushin-etsu District High School Baseball Tournament in Fukui Prefecture, two semifinal games will be played on September 28 at the Fukui Prefectural Stadium.
It is an important game where you can get a ticket to the Hokushin-etsu tournament if you win.
Tsuruga Keihi, the only one left at the seed school, meets Hokuriku.
Tsuruga, who won a close battle with Fukui Commerce in the quarterfinals, clashes with Hasui, who is riding the momentum of this tournament.
Tsuruga Keihi, who appeared in the first game, has so far won all the games coldly.
In the first-round match against Ashiwa, he was hit by a pitch and won comfortably.
In the second round against Takefu Kogyo, Naoki Kasashima, who played an active role at Koshien this summer, pitched 5 innings without a hit, struck out 9, and showed his stamina as an ace.
He hit 15 RBIs in the quarterfinal match of the Three Kingdoms, and hit Hokuriku with all his strength.
【Team Introduction】Tsuruga Kehi - Koshien Battery Axis
Hokuriku, on the other hand, is gaining momentum with each match.
In the first round, he reversed in the end against Fujishima and escaped by one point.
In the second round, Mikata's catch-up was overtaken, and the victory was also won by one point.
In the quarterfinals, the batting exploded, defeating Seed Sakai coldly.
I want to get a ticket for Hokushin-etsu in this way.
[Team Introduction] Hokuriku - A batting line with explosive power
Tsuruga, who will appear in the second game, has won with a baseball that protects and wins with the battery at the center.
In the first round against Wakasa, the pitchers stepped in and won with the fewest points.
Takefu in the second round also scored two points.
In the quarterfinals, it was a close match between Seed Fukui Commerce and 10-9, but the confidence should have been strengthened by defeating the competent school.
In the Hasui War, we want to seize victory by using katamori as a weapon.
【Team Introduction】Tsuruga-Battery Axis Wins
On the other hand, Hamizu defeated the seeded Fukui Institute of Technology Fukui in the first round.
With the momentum, they won the game against Kanazu with one swing of the fourth batter from a difficult development.
The mid-axis batting line, which the director says has destructive power, is also attracting attention in the semifinals.
【Team Introduction】Hasui-Destructive Medium-axis Dashed Line
Quarterfinals (September 28)
Tsuruga Kehi - Hokuriku (10 a.m.)
Tsuruga - Hamizu (12:30 p.m.)
Paid articles about canoeing and Japan missing out on semifinals
Taekwondo and Takashi Matsui are the 2nd paid articles
BITPoint to resume service after leaking 3 billion yen worth of crypto assets (Gentosha Gold Online) - Yahoo!news
In July of this year, BITPoint, a cryptocurrency exchange where 3 billion yen worth of cryptocurrency such as bitcoin (BTC) was illegally leaked.
Bitpoint Japan Co., Ltd., the operator, announced that it will resume crypto asset remittance services on September 30.
It seems that certain measures were taken, including measures to prevent a recurrence.
BITPoint Leaked Bitcoin And Ripple In July This Year
Bitpoint Japan Inc., the operator of the cryptocurrency exchange BITPoint, announced on September 27 that it plans to resume its cryptocurrency remittance service at around 14:00 on Monday, September 30.
In addition to dealing with customers who suffered damage and communicating with the Financial Services Agency, it seems that certain measures were taken, including measures to prevent a recurrence, such as a business management system that includes security aspects.
Bitpoint Japan has stated that it will "restart the service as soon as possible, while putting safety first, and will strive to restore trust from users."
In July this year, cryptocurrency assets worth 3 billion yen including Bitcoin (BTC) and Ripple (XRP) were fraudulently leaked on the exchange.
In the press conference that followed, the government stated that it had a cash and deposit balance of about 3 billion yen, even after subtracting compensation, and that it would aim to resume services as soon as possible, with the highest priority given to the protection of users.
Note: this article was originally published on CoinPost on September 27, 2019.
"Messi II" born in Israel signed with the ninth club in his career (SPORT.es) - Yahoo!news
Guy Aslin, who joined Barça at the age of 12, was once referred to as "Messi II" for his excellent performances and style.
Time has passed and at the age of 28, Guy Aslin has joined a new team that will be the ninth club in his professional career.
Pearls of Canterra, Buried with Talent
At a time when Ansu Fati is attracting the attention of those around him, there are many falls in the football world and there is a very effective role model for warnings that "there is no need to hurry".
Despite his technical prowess, Aslin was given up by the luck he needed to succeed and signed a two-year contract with Poli Iasi of the Romanian First Division.
The blue and white teams are currently fifth in the league.
Guy Aslin made his first Barça debut in the 2009/10 Copa del Rey against Cultural Leonesa at the young age of 18 and six months.
At the end of the season, however, he terminated his contract with Barça, from which Aslin's long journey began.
He did not play for the same team for more than two seasons.
Manchester City, Brighton and Hove Albion (on loan from City), Racing Santander, Hercules, Majorca, Hapoel Tel Aviv, Sabadell, Kairat Almaty and now Poly Iasi are the new clubs that have given the Israeli-born midfielder the opportunity to relaunch his career.
Famisapo independently strengthens safety measures at 35 % of local governments, making childcare free | Shizuoka Shimbun at-s
Bereaved families of childcare accidents hold a press conference on the results of the Family Support Center Project. (right) Osaka Prefectural Office
A private survey on February 27 revealed that 35 percent of municipalities in Japan have independently strengthened safety measures under the Family Support Center Project (Famisapo), which connects parents who want to temporarily take their children into their care with aid members who take care of them in private homes.
Before the provision of free early childhood education and childcare begins in October, bereaved families of childcare accidents are advocating that the government should set strict standards.
The "Network to Eliminate Severe Accidents in Childcare," a group of parents and experts who lost their children in childcare accidents, surveyed 921 local governments.
274 municipalities responded.
The government's Implementation Guidelines only require aid members to attend emergency life-saving training.
Darvish Summary of this season "It's nice to step up in my life so far" (東スポWeb ) - Yahoo!news
[From St. Louis, Missouri, 27th (28th JST)]
"I haven't done anything in two days, but it's boring to watch baseball (from the bench) with no purpose," Cubs pitcher Darvish, 33, who finished this season's playoff appearance, said in an interview.
He started 31 games this season and went 6-8 with a 3.98 era. he threw 178 2/3 innings and struck out 229.
Especially in the second half, his pitching form was stable, and he continued to play the opponent's batter with excellent ball control and overwhelming ball power.
"Now it's definitely a step up in my life, I'm 33 years old and I didn't think I'd get that feeling.spring was like, 'I wonder if I'm going to finish this way too,' but after coming back from that, I feel like I can't believe I got to a better position."it was also a fulfilling season.
I gradually got a response from the beginning of June.
I was able to do more things every day, and I was able to do more things every day.
There was trial and error, but by challenging one hypothesis after another, his condition has improved dramatically, and his grades have also improved along with it.
The fact that he was "thrown out of the injured list all year" also gave him confidence.
Darvish, who has an opt-out right to terminate his contract at the end of the season, said: "I've got to think about it, I've got to talk to my agent and my family," but added: "basically I have no complaints about this team and it's fun."
I have not made a final conclusion, but my feelings seem to be firm.
Ren Yonezawa rises to second place by one stroke, Takumi Kanaya is 12th / Asia Ama (Golf Digest Online (GDO )) - Yahoo!news
Shibuno hinatako got a cow.
Break Windred (Australia) took the lead with a five-birdie, four-bogey 71.
He defended his position with a total of 10 under par.
Ren Yonezawa (a sophomore at Tohoku University of Welfare) and Joon-min Lee (Korea) tied for second with a birdie and a bogey.
Another Japanese player, Arito Katsuragawa (a third-year Nihon University student) who came out of ninth place, played "70" and moved up to fifth place.
Takumi Kanaya (a third-year student at Tohoku University of Social Welfare) and Keita Nakajima (a first-year student at Nippon University of Physical Education) are ranked 3-under 12th.
Hideharu Yoshihara (University of California, Los Angeles) is ranked 16th at 2-under.
Kengo Aoshima (Wake Forest University) finished 9 over 59th and narrowly qualified.
<2日目の日本勢成績>2T / - 9/米澤蓮 5T / - 5/桂川有人 12T / - 3/金谷拓実、中島啓太 16T / - 2/吉原英駿 59T/+9/青島賢吾
News|Saga Shimbun LiVE
Children enjoy Taromen, Omachi's soul food, after taking a bath. (© Omachi General Welfare Center, Misato)
On the evening of the 25th, the Omachi Taromen Steering Committee (representative: Kensuke Suzuyama) served taromen noodles at the town welfare center Misato, an evacuation center for victims of torrential rains.
Since the time of the Kijima Coal Mine, it has been loved as a soul food to cheer up the people affected by the disaster.
The only thing we can do is to make taromen and have them eat it.
Four restaurants on the Taromen menu collaborated to make 90 servings, and brought them to the evacuation center with onigiri (rice balls).
The ginger-flavored beef bone soup is topped with thin noodle noodles and topped with pork head meat, shrimp, vegetables, and other ingredients.
Not only those staying in evacuation centers, but also those who came to baths set up by the Self-Defense Forces provided the "taste of Omachi."
"I've been a fan since I was young, but it's been a year since I ate it.I remember the old days," says a 66-year-old man, and a 20-year-old and 22-year-old sibling who moved in about a year ago and said, "It's my first time eating it.it's delicious.I want to go to the restaurant next time."
Deputy Representative Kenichiro Fujise, who had finished cooking, rushed to the restaurant and said, "We will cooperate if there is anything we can do so that we can return to our daily lives as soon as possible."
[One year after the Eastern Iburi Earthquake] Condominiums in Hakodate: Hokkaido Shimbun
Countermeasures are underway at condominiums in Hakodate City, where water was cut off due to a nationwide blackout following the earthquake in the eastern part of Iburi last September.
According to the Department of Water and Sewerage of the Municipal Corporation Bureau, in the year after the earthquake, seven condominiums have installed "water sprinklers" that can provide water even in the event of a power outage.
There are about 400 condominiums and private condominiums in the city with four-story or higher floors that are watered by a "water tank system" that may cut off water in the event of a power outage, and the ministry is calling for consideration of countermeasures.
There are two types of water supply systems for housing: the "water receiving tank type" where water is stored in a water receiving tank located underground or on a rooftop, and the "direct connection type" where water is supplied directly to each household from the city's pipes.
Even if the water pipe is not damaged, if the electric pump that draws water from the water tank to each household stops working due to a power outage, it will not be able to supply water and each household will be cut off.
Disaster Preparation Training (Aomori Prefecture ) ( 青森放送 ) - Yahoo!news
A training session was held in Shingo Village to search for and rescue those who lost their lives before the autumn mushroom picking season.
The training held at Hirakozawa Forest Park in Shingo Village was attended by 60 people from the police, fire departments, and hunting associations.
At the opening ceremony, Mr. Tsukeda, Chief of the Gonohe Police Station, said, "I hope you will work closely together and do your best in the training."
★Takahashi Regional Manager's declaration "From now on, we will start mountain training and rescue training"
The training was conducted on the assumption that men who went out to inspect mushrooms would not come home at night.
The participants were divided into three groups and searched the mountain by calling out the name of the missing man.
In Shingo Village, a man in his 70s who entered the mountain in June to collect wild plants went missing and was rescued the next day with injuries.
During the training, we found an injured man and put him on a stretcher to go down the mountain.we confirmed the coordination from search to rescue, and prepared for the mushroom picking season in autumn, which is prone to distress.
Hidetoshi Nishijima's "Ninkyo Gakuen" team's drinking party went bad?
Movie Walker - Yahoo!news
Directors Nishijima Hidetoshi, Nishida Toshiyuki, Ito Atsushi, Nakao Akira, and Kimura Hisashi took to the stage on the first day of Ninkyo Gakuen, a film adaptation of Konno Toshi's popular novel "Ninkyo" series, held at TOHO Cinemas Shinjuku on September 27.
Imano, the original film's special guest, rushed over and said, "I love this movie! (played by Nishijima) Himura is cool in any cut or scene, as long as I envy him."
[See photo] The state of Hidetoshi Nishijima's drinking party is revealed!
"Ninkyo Gakuen" stage greeting on the first day
This film tells the poignant story of a yakuza who has no interest in social contribution, the leader of the Akimoto group, who undertakes the reconstruction of a high school on the verge of bankruptcy, and solves a number of difficult problems with his in-laws and humanity.
Nishida plays the tough-faced but somehow hateful leader of the group, while Nishijima plays Himura, the No. 2 member of the Akihon-gumi, who has always been swayed by his boss.
Nishijima said, "I've always been nervous until today," and on the first day, he looked inexhaustible.
"Not only during the filming period, but even after the filming was over, these members often got together and talked about various things, so it was a very cohesive team," he says.
Ito also said with a laugh, "There was a review meeting, just a drinking party with no remorse at all."he said, "It was a plus for the site that I was able to make such a time.the teamwork has improved, my motivation has also improved.I have been continuing regularly even after the end, and I have a lot of good memories."
The story about the drinking party also revealed Nishijima's unexpected true face.
Nishijima confessed, "When I have a review meeting with these members, I drink too much, and I often do not remember about half."
Nishida cut out, "I don't know how the other party looks like it's getting wet," and said, "It looks like a shirafu, but were you drunk?
Nishida said, "If it is reputable, it may become a series.with the help of everyone, I would like to work hard for the series."Ito and Nakao said, "We are also ready to make a series," and Nakao said, "I saw the movie and Nishida was singing, so I was frustrated.
Prefectural Fishing Federation "Start discussions for full-scale operation" President Nozaki's remarks on ocean release and restraint " Iwaki Minpo official website
Following the accident at TEPCO's Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, it was decided that discussions for full-scale operation in each district would materialize regarding the test operation that would continue in fisheries off the coast of Fukushima Prefecture.
The president of the Prefectural Federation of Fisheries Cooperatives (FFFCA) held a meeting at the Prefectural Fisheries Hall in Iino, Chuodai, Japan, on April 27.the president of the federation, Tetsu Nozaki, said, "As a prefectural federation of fishermen, we believe that there is a need for a full-scale operation.
The union presidents' meeting also approved the official addition of cassago, cherry salmon and murasoy off the coast of Fukushima Prefecture, where the shipping restriction order has been lifted, to fish species subject to test operation.
The remaining non-targeted fisheries consisted of two species: the vinos mussel and the common casbe.
After the ceremony, Chairman Nozaki gave an interview to the press, emphasizing that the start of full-scale operations is undecided.
In response to the treated water after purifying the contaminated water from the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, former Minister of the Environment Yoshiaki Harada and Ichiro Matsui, mayor of Osaka City, refrained from making statements, saying, "The discussion with a keren flavor is problematic, and the opposition to ocean release remains unchanged."
When discussing the full-scale operation, Akira Egawa, the head of the Iwaki City Fisheries Cooperative, pointed out that "it is necessary to suck up opinions from below" and respected the wishes of the members.
The sub-branches meet to hold a board meeting, solve each problem one by one, and come up with a conclusion as a municipal fishery cooperative.
Kanji Tachiya, president of the Souma Futaba Fishery Cooperative, says, "In addition to fishermen, we also need to discuss with middlemen."
The Soma Futaba Fisheries Cooperative, with the support of the national government, expects seven new ships to arrive next year.
Karatsu Tobacco Sales Cooperative for Improving Driving and Smoking Manners|Saga Shimbun News|Saga Shimbun LiVE
A union member calls on drivers to drive safely. (© Waseda Saga Junior High School in Tojo, Karatsu City)
In conjunction with the Autumn Traffic Safety Prefectural People's Movement, the Karatsu Tobacco Sales Cooperative took to the streets in front of Waseda Saga Junior and Senior High School in Tojo, Karatsu City on April 26.
About 10 people, including union members, participated in the event and called on drivers to drive safely.
Participants handed out flyers, ballpoint pens, etc. to the driver while saying "Please drive safely."
In order to promote the prohibition of littering of cigarettes, they handed out portable ashtrays with them, and also appealed for the improvement of smoking manners.
Mr. Fujio Kumamoto, 80, president of the association, said, "Every year (in the prefecture) there are many accidents, and recently the number of accidents has been increasing.
Beauty and ugliness on paper?
What is the image of the "snake" that overlaps the beautiful girls of Kazuo Uzuzu's work (Magmics) - Yahoo!news
What do the mystical beauty and shadowy expressions have in common?
Since the 1950s, Kazuo Uzuzu has released numerous works to the world, and the "Uzuzu Kazuo Bishojo Collection" (Genkosha) that focuses on beautiful girls drawn by Kazuo Uzuzu, who is known as the leading figure of "Fear Manga", was released in August 2019.
When I pick it up and look at it, I am reminded of the correlation between "beauty" and "fear" of Kazuo Kazuo's work.
[Image] Is it attractive because there is a "shadow"?
Beautiful Girls by Kazuo Uzuzu (5 sheets)
In the introduction of "Bishojo Collection", there is a sentence that "Fear and ugliness, shocking scenes and developments of the story stand out only because of their beauty at the opposite end", but it may be because of the contrast that the beautiful face is distorted and changed into the expression of resentment that harbors resentment ...
There is a keyword "snake" in many of Kazuo Umezu's works, but snakes are perceived as "creepy creatures" by viewers, and some people feel that they are "beautiful".there are various ways of receiving snakes.
There are people who like reptiles, and there are people who are not good at reptiles.
In this way, depending on the sensibilities of the viewer, "beauty" and "ugliness" are two sides of the same coin.
In addition, this creature has been worshipped as a creature with high spiritual power since ancient times, and it is said that the house where the "white snake" settled is good luck.
Among his drawings of snakes are the 1965 series Hebi Shojo (Snake Girl) and Mora no Shojo (Small Girl).
Generally speaking, it is a beautiful woman with a shadow that becomes a "snub woman" in the market.
To put it in an immersive way, it could be called a "cool beauty" type ... ... that seems to be the commonality of the beautiful girls who appear in the painting.
In particular, Orochi, the main character of "Orochi" serialized in "Weekly Shonen Sunday" since 1969, is a beautiful girl character that can be said to be a representative of the painting.
Seven international students from Xavier High School pay a courtesy call on the mayor of Sanyo Onoda | Ube Nippo Komachi Media Web
Seven students studying at Xavier High School (headmaster Hideki Matsubara) paid a courtesy visit to Goji Fujita, the mayor of Sanyo-Onoda City.
The international students talked about what they wanted to do during their stay, and Mayor Fujita encouraged them to have a meaningful school life.
High school students (15-17 years old) from various countries came to Japan last month as part of the "Asia Bridge Project" subsidized by the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology.
Six girls from China, Cambodia, Mongolia, Thailand, Indonesia and Malaysia live in the school's dormitories and spend eight months there.
Turkish boys spend ten months in school while staying in a homestay.
The international students who visited the city hall introduced themselves in Japanese one by one.
Regarding his impression of the city, he said, "When I take a walk, people I don't know greet me.it's a quiet and pleasant city."
He also said, "I want to see Mt.Fuji while I'm in Japan."
In addition, the girls living in the dormitory also had an opportunity to interact with their host families, and they were looking forward to volunteering at the library festival.
Mayor Fujita said, "I want you to actively accumulate various experiences and experiences, and invite your friends and host families to participate in the city's Halloween event to be held at Ono Sun Park next month."
Deputy Minister Yamamoto Deletes Meal Tweet Explaining the Cause of the Helicopter Crash | Shizuoka Shimbun At-S
Deputy Minister of Defense Tomohiro Yamamoto posted and deleted a comment along with a photo of Parliamentary Vice-Minister for Defense Kazuchika Iwata on Twitter
Deputy Minister of Defense Tomohiro Yamamoto deleted a comment on Twitter that said "It's delicious" while eating at a yakitori restaurant in Saga Prefecture by the 27th.
Yamamoto had arrived in Kanzaki Prefecture on February 26 to explain to local authorities the findings of the accident in which an AH64D combat helicopter of the Japan Ground Self-Defense Force crashed in February last year.
In the evening of the same day, he tweeted, "I came to Saga Prefecture on a business trip ! ."
Along with a photo of Mr. Kazuchika Iwata, Parliamentary Vice-Minister for Defense of Iwata Prefecture, who was also present at the meal, Mr. Iwata posted comments such as "It's delicious!"
In the accident, a girl in a house was injured and two members of the team were killed.
The Yamamoto clan was elected to the House of Representatives four times, and was elected proportionally to the southern Kanto region.
[Koshiyama Wakamizu] Children's cafeterias, which offer free or inexpensive meals to children, are spreading nationwide.
According to surveys by NPOs and other organizations, about 3,700 locations across Japan have been active this year.
There are 24 locations in Fukui Prefecture, a nine-point increase from the previous year.
Why is it a children's cafeteria now?
Makoto Yuasa, Chairman of the Board of Directors of a nonprofit organization and a social activist, spoke about the background and significance of the project at a lecture in Sakai City.
With the declining birthrate and aging population, the region has become desolate, and shopping streets have declined.
There was no place for people to meet.
Therefore, there was a need for a place where people could interact with each other.
Even though it is a children's cafeteria, it is a "place for multi-generational interaction" where elderly people also participate.
It not only eliminates solitary food, but also supports child-rearing and improves the health of the elderly.
Break the cycle of poverty and revitalize the community.
The important thing is not to have children that start from there.
It varies from once a month to a place that serves meals every day.
The size ranges from a few to several hundred people, and the venues range from private residences to temples.
It's creating an atmosphere where people who want to do it can do it.
Such a low threshold is attractive.
However, it is difficult to secure operating expenses and staff.
We sometimes hear about issues like secure management.
However, Yuasa says, "When you interact with many people, your values change," and "When you connect with society, it becomes a safety net in the event of a disaster."
It seems to be a ray of hope for a closed society.
On the final day of the autumn Hokushin-etsu District High School Baseball Tournament in Fukui Prefecture, the final and the third place game will be played at the prefectural baseball stadium (Fukui City) on September 29.
In the final, Tsuruga Keihi, who is aiming to reach the pinnacle for the first time in four years, and Tsuruga, who is aiming to win the championship for the first time in 36 years, will compete in the autumn tournament.
Seed's Tsuruga Kehi won three games in a row from the first round.
In the semifinal against Hokuriku, ace Naoki Kasashima threw a perfect pitch to close out the key points and won.
The batting average is 13 runs, and we want to cover the pitchers in the final.
Tsuruga, on the other hand, won from Noseed.
In the quarterfinals, he won a close battle by one point, and in the semifinals with Hamizu, he scored the first point with a squeeze and escaped 3-1.
We want to make sure our chances are scored in the final as well.
Hokuriku-Hasui was the third-place finalist with one slot remaining in the Hokushin-etsu tournament.
In the early stages of the semifinals, the run and bunt were disrupted, but the Hokuriku team would like to recover in the third-place play-off.
On the other hand, Umizu attracted the attention of this tournament by defeating the strong Fukui Institute of Technology.
It will be interesting to see if he can win Hokushin-etsu in the third place battle.
■September 29 match
Hokuriku - Hamizu (10 a.m.) finals Tsuruga Kehi - Tsuruga (1 p.m.) *time is scheduled to start.
Tsuruga went under the sea for the first time in 21 years.
Tsuruga Kehi went down Hokuriku to Hokushinetsu Ticket
Rugby Japan, 8th highest paid article ever
Japan women's basketball team advances to Asian Cup final in paid articles
Sharp Home Appliances, Yoshimoto Geisha PR Osaka Comedy Grand Prix|Shizuoka Shimbun at S
"Sharp PR-1 Grand Prix" winner comedy duo "Himekoron" = 27, Osaka City
Sharp PR-1 Grand Prix, a contest to select entertainers who can best introduce Sharp's home appliances, was held in Namba, Osaka, on April 27.
It was co-hosted by Sharp and Yoshimoto Kogyo, and it has been qualifying since July.
It is a strategy to convey the appeal of the product with professional storytelling and make comedy fans like Sharp's home appliances.
Final at the Yoshimoto Manzai Theater.
About 250 spectators watched the four battles that were won from about 200 pairs.
The winner, Himekoron, is a young duo who have often introduced Sharp products at mass retailers in Ehime Prefecture.
He cheerfully conveyed the advantages of air conditioning and enveloped the venue in laughter.
Sotetsu Sagami-Otsuka Station 7000 series / 12000 series photo session (Railway Com ) - Yahoo!news
As an event to commemorate the opening of the direct line of Sotetsu and JR, Sagami Railway held "November 30 to the mutual direct line of Sotetsu and JR! 7000 series / 12000 series photo session in Sagami Otsuka".
The venue is in the premises of Sagami-Otsuka Station.
In addition to the photo session of the 7000 series and 12000 series, the inside of the 7000 series will be exhibited, the 7000 series last run commemorative goods will be sold, and the commemorative entrance ticket will be sold.
Commemorative merchandise items (price) include a metal key holder (JPY700), a can badge (JPY450), and a clear file (JPY300).
The sales numbers are limited to 500 key chains, 300 can badges, and 1,000 clear files.
NBA Collaboration, Gore-Tex Equipped Models, and 8 New Air Force 1 Models Appear at a Glance (WWD JAPAN.com)
"Nike" will release 8 new models of "AIR FORCE 1" which has been popular as a representative sneaker of the brand since it was released in 1982, sequentially from October.
Three of the eight models are for women, with an update based on her experience with Zawan Reimagined (released in 2018), a collection that redesigned sneakers from a female perspective, as Georgina James, Senior Creative Director of Nike Women's Footwear, says, "Women are diverse and seek something unique that is different from others."
[Image] New 8 models of "Air Force 1" including NBA collaboration and models equipped with "Gore-Tex" all at once
The Air Force 1 NBA Pack, a collaboration with the NBA, comes in two variants: low-cut and high-cut.
The low cut is based on the NBA colors red, yellow, black and navy, while the high cut is the uniform color of three teams including the Los Angeles Lakers.
In addition to the NBA logo on the heels and shoe tongue, a satin fabric is used at the back of the upper, and the swoosh has a bicolor design for the first time.
It is priced at 13,200 yen including tax and will be released on October 1.
The "Air Force 1 swoosh pack" is designed with swoosh letters and logos everywhere, just as the words are.
It is noteworthy that the shoe tongue part, which was originally emblazoned with the brand logo, has also been changed to a special "SWOOSH" character.
Inspired by shadows, the Air Force 1 Shadow features double details like shadows, including a swoosh on the side.
While the outsole is thicker and taller than the original, the center of the outsole has been hollowed out, resulting in a weight reduction that is pleasing to women.
It is priced at 13,200 yen including tax and will be released on October 3.
(Friday) - Yahoo!news
Ababir, the Iranian-made drone used in this bombing, has dramatically improved its performance in recent years by analyzing downed U.s. drones.
It can be manufactured inexpensively and has a range of about 1000 km.
Because it flies at low altitudes, it is difficult to be caught by radar.(Toru Yokota, press photographer)
On September 14, the oil facilities of Saudi Aramco, Saudi Arabia's largest oil company, were bombed by 10 military drones.
Shortly after, the Yemeni rebel group Houthis issued a statement saying they had committed the crime.
"The Houthis are undoubtedly behind President Rouhani's Iran, which cannot allow its rival Saudi Arabia to profit from crude oil in a situation where it cannot export crude oil, with the aim of letting the international community know that if it continues to embargo Iran, there will be corresponding pain," said Izuru Sugawara, International Political Analyst.
The bombing halted half of Saudi Arabia's total oil production and caused oil prices to skyrocket by 15%.
Some say that the oil shock will come back if this situation continues.
"As long as Trump has pledged to withdraw U.s. troops from the Middle East, he wants to avoid military intervention at all costs, at least until the end of next year's election.with that in mind, Iran will continue drone bombing under the guise of the Houthis, but the U.s. can't stand it forever.there's a good chance that Trump will decide to attack Iran in the future," said Sugawara.
The "proxy war" between the United States and Iran is in an instant crisis.
The reason why an ultra-personal YouTuber can become a full-time employee.
Ask the president who hired you (bizSPA!
Sep. 27 (Fri) 8:47 am
He is now a hugely popular YouTuber, especially among young people.
It is now not uncommon for companies to employ YouTubers for advertising their products, but there is a company that has started a unique system called "YouTuber Recruitment" that employs them as full-time employees.
Direct Marketing Mix Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as DmMiX), whose main business is customer relationship management (CRM) of companies.
What does it mean to "adopt a YouTuber"?
We sat down with Yuki Kobayashi, CEO of DmMiX and CEO of Staff First, the subsidiary that actually hired the YouTuber.
I want to support young people who work hard on hiring YouTubers
How does "hiring a YouTuber" work in the first place?
Yuki Kobayashi (hereinafter referred to as "Kobayashi") : the profession of YouTuber has become a dream of many young people.
It also ranks high in the job rankings that elementary school students want to pursue in the future, and the number of young people aiming for the future will continue to increase.
In the past, we have recruited and supported young people who are pursuing their dreams, such as bandmen and comedians.
In the same way, "YouTuber adoption" is to recruit and support young people who are chasing their dream of becoming a YouTuber.
Why did you decide to "adopt" YouTubers?
Kobayashi: while many young people yearn for the job of YouTuber, the reality is that most YouTubers don't get the revenue they want.
There are many creators who work part-time while producing and posting videos, and there are many creators whose family does not recognize the existence of YouTubers.
In this initiative, we will provide the hired creators with a salary and an environment for content creation.
We will support the activities by supporting the disadvantages of the profession of YouTuber, which inevitably becomes an unstable position at first.
Environmental Girl "Fighting for a Safe Future" Protests Worldwide for 2 Consecutive Weeks | Shizuoka Shimbun AT-S
Greta Thunberg (center) and others at a protest in Montreal, eastern Canada on Tuesday (Reuters)
【New York】Greta Thunberg, 16, a Swedish girl campaigning against global warming, took part in a protest in Montreal, eastern Canada, on the 27th, emphasizing that she will "continue to fight for a safe future."
The youth protests of the day were held in Asian countries, as well as in Europe, the United States, and other parts of the world.
The massive protest in response to Greta's call was the second week in a row, following the 20th.
Greta met with Canadian Prime Minister Trudeau on the 27th.
Mr. Trudeau, who has always appealed for his dedication to global warming countermeasures, also participated in the march.
After the meeting, Greta complained about Trudeau's lack of action.
"Korea wishes to return to GSOMIA" Acting Assistant Secretary of State (Sankei Shimbun) - Yahoo!news
Napper, acting U.s. assistant Secretary of State for South Korea and Japan, said in a solo interview with the Sankei Shimbun newspaper at the U.s. Ambassador's residence in Tokyo on November 27 that he hoped South Korea would reconsider its decision to revoke the Japan-South Korea Military Intelligence Comprehensive Protection Agreement (GSOMIA), which expires on November 23.
It is unusual for a senior U.s. official to refer to a reconsideration of GSOMIA.
GSOMIA was signed by Japan and South Korea, the United States, and the United States and South Korea, respectively, and serves as a platform for sharing missile launch information and other information.
South Korea announced in August that it would abrogate the agreement with Japan, and if it expires, the framework for protecting military intelligence between Japan and South Korea will be broken.
"We cannot effectively respond to crises without GSOMIA," Napper said.
"There is time until it expires," he said, strongly urging South Korea's return.
The Sino-Russian joint flight drill in July over the Sea of Japan was the first of its kind in the history of the region, he said. he also emphasized that it is essential for the United States, South Korea and Japan, which share values such as democracy and human rights, to cooperate in the alliance.
He pointed out that the recent deterioration in Japan-South Korea relations "hurts the national interests of the United States."
"We have no intention of mediating," he said, adding that Korea and Japan will play a positive role in bridging the gap.
(Yusuke Hirata)
Tokai-mura Critical Accident, 300 Nuclear Facility Troubles in 20 Years in 30 Days: Hokkaido Shimbun
According to an interview with the Nuclear Regulatory Agency (NRA), 336 incidents and malfunctions occurred at nuclear power-related facilities nationwide from fiscal 2000 to fiscal 2006, the year after the critical accident in Tokai Village, Ibaraki Prefecture, which caused the first death toll from radiation exposure in the history of nuclear power in Japan.
Twenty years have passed since the critical accident that alarmed the safety myths of the nuclear industry.
The International Assessment Scale (INES), which indicates the severity of the accident, is level 0 (not important for safety) and about 90% of the incidents are not subject to assessment. however, based on the lessons learned from the accident and the accident at TEPCO's Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant in 2011, it is necessary to continuously raise safety awareness.
Soda Koichi collects donations for the publication of his original picture book. (© Echizen City, Fukui Prefecture, September 18)
Koichi Soda, 64, an artist with the Echizen City Regional Revitalization Cooperation Volunteer in Fukui Prefecture, started a crowdfunding campaign to collect donations online with the aim of publishing creative picture books inspired by legends in Fukui Prefecture.
Mr. Sota, who is from Hokkaido and started his activities as a volunteer in April of this year, is very enthusiastic, saying, "I would like to convey the loving hearts of the people of Fukui based on their deep faith through picture books."
[Donation] To convey the heart of Fukui.
While Sota is active as an artist working on contemporary art using mathematics as a motif, he has also been active as a volunteer since his 60th birthday.
After being involved in community development in Nagano, Kumamoto and Tochigi, he arrived in Echizen City in April this year.
Named after the city that produced Satoko Kako and Chihiro Iwasaki, it aims to create a town that makes use of picture books.
Living in the city, Mr. Sota says, "I was surprised by the depth of thoughtfulness around me that I could understand for the first time."
Awara City's legendary "Oni no Mask of the Daughter-in-Law" attracted a lot of attention.
The story tells that the kind-hearted daughter-in-law continues to chant nenbutsu (Buddhist invocation) to help her mother-in-law without worrying that she is surprised by the mask.
"Forget the hatred and return it with mercy and kindness.I felt the origin of the piety and kindness of the people of Fukui" (Mr. Soda).
Inspired by the original picture book, Sota visited Yoshizaki Gobo in Awara City as soon as he arrived, and completed the story "Meoto Oni" in which a kind-hearted Oni couple and a boy appear.
From June, he drew 10 scenes with warm watercolors using his professional skills, and the materials of picture books were ready.
In addition, the cover of the picture book will be made of Japanese paper using Echizen washi, a traditional craft that lives in Echizen City.
It provides an opportunity for parents and children to enjoy the texture of Japanese paper through readings.
The goal of the donation is 850,000 yen for 600 copies of the book.
The deadline is October 25.
Soda says, "Fukui's spirit, which has been nurtured under the historical Buddhist culture, can be proud of all over the country.
I want to convey what true kindness and compassion are handed down to children through picture books.
Fukui Prefecture certifies 11 projects for regional revitalization that are being challenged by the cooperation team and businesses in the prefecture, and it is one of the projects to support them by utilizing the hometown tax payment.
Fukui Shimbun disseminates information and Fukui Bank cooperates in business support.
Donations can be made via the crowdfunding site Lady Four.
Rugby Class for Children in Niigata City (Niigata Prefecture ) ( TeNY TV Niigata ) - Yahoo!news
A rugby class for children was held on the 28th in Niigata City to familiarize people with rugby, which is attracting attention for hosting the World Cup in Japan.
The first rugby class was held on the 28th at the Toriyano Sports Park Baseball Stadium in Niigata City.
28 children from 3 to 12 years old participated in the event, which was held by the Niigata City Rugby Football Association to let children familiarize themselves with rugby, and experienced the basics of rugby such as tackles and passes.
One of the boys said, "When I first saw rugby on TV, it seemed to be fun.it was fun to work together."
The first rugby class will be held on October 19.
Sanyo Shimbun Digital Co., Ltd. | San-Digi
BicCamera Okayama Ekimae Store Sales of Large Appliances Strong Before the Tax Increase
On the 28th, the last weekend before the consumption tax hike from 8% to 10%, household appliance retailers and supermarkets in Okayama Prefecture visited one after another.
There are home centers that develop special sales floors for bulk purchases, and suit stores that sell winter clothing ahead of schedule, and each store is focusing on sales promotion.
BicCamera Okayama Ekimae Store (located in Ekimae-cho, Kita-ku, Okayama City) is offering a special sale for a limited time up to 30 days.
"Even though it's only 2%, if it's expensive, we can't overlook the difference," said a 37-year-old employee from the city who came to the store looking for a refrigerator.
According to the store, sales of large home appliances such as TVs, washing machines and refrigerators increased in September, nearly doubling the previous year's sales.
"The last-minute demand exceeds our expectations, and in the latter half of the year, customers who want high-priced products are conspicuous" (Contact person).
Haruyama Shoji Co., Ltd. (in Omotemachi), which sells suits, will conduct a sale titled "Financial Results just before the Tax Increase."
The company has been selling coats since early September, a month earlier than usual, and sales this month are up 10% from the previous year.
A 19-year-old office worker visits Kurashiki to buy a suit for the coming-of-age ceremony.Asaguchi says, "The ceremony is still a long way off, but I want to buy it before the tax increase."
Because the tax rate on food and beverages will remain unchanged under the reduced tax rate system, home centers and supermarkets will focus on daily necessities and sake.
At the home center's Time Takaya store (Kanemoto, Naka-ku, Okayama City), a special corner loaded with large-capacity detergents and tissues was set up near the entrance.
Sales of daily consumables increased by 1.6 times from the same month of the previous year, and "if we don't replenish them many times a day, we will run out of supplies," says Mr. Seiya Shimizu, the store manager.
A 63-year-old public servant in the city said, "It's something I'm going to buy anyway, so take this opportunity," and bought a bunch of kitchen paper.
Tenmaya Happy Town Okanami Store (Tsukiko Shinmachi, Minami Ward, the same city) will also install wagons loaded with detergent, toilet paper, and paper diapers at the event site.
A 35-year-old employee in the city said, "If you receive points from cashless payments, the burden will hardly change, so you won't have to rush to buy daily necessities."
2019 best Director Crop Celebrates Biggest Enemy "Best Director" (SPORT.es) - Yahoo!news
Jürgen Klopp, who won Best Director for The Best, reflected on his career in an interview and commented on the current situation.
Among the many comments that shocked the public was that of Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola, his biggest rival for the Premier League title.
Neymar's best friend Aubes says: "his happiness is still in Barça ..."
Speaking after the award ceremony for The Best, the German said: "I couldn't have imagined anything better.I'm very happy and proud to have won this award.it's been a great few days for me, it's thanks to my players, the most important thing is the team."
Speaking about Guardiola, Klopp said: "I have a lot of respect for him. what can I say about him? he's won a lot of titles. his style of play is extraordinary. he's the best coach I've played against and it's an honour to have been nominated with him and to be able to compete for the award."
He also mentions manager Pochettino and Tottenham.
His last year was unbelievable, a lot of the time you have to win the title to be remembered, you've got to build your team and play in a great style.
Klopp didn't hesitate about his best moment of 2019: "it was a reversal against Barcelona, many experts and myself wouldn't have bet a centimeter on us, a 3-0 behind against a team with Messi and Suarez, it's like a death sentence, we had a small chance and we were able to do it, I couldn't believe it.
Asked a more personal question at the end, Klopp concluded: "when I celebrated the Bundesliga, I woke up on a bench and I didn't even know where I was.this time it didn't happen.I don't like to get drunk because I'm a person who suffers from a self-management obsession.
Lexus LC and IS introduce a special car that incorporates everything from craftsmanship to cutting-edge technology (WEB CARTOP) - Yahoo!news
It is finished as a special one that further enhances the dignity and taste.
Lexus has set up special specifications for the luxury coupe "LC" and the sporty sedan "IS" and will go on sale on Tuesday, October 1.
[Photo] Interior of Lexus LC that stands out for its high quality
The special version was developed based on the concept of "CRAFTED".
CRAFTED embodies the Japanese aesthetic sense cultivated in abundant nature and history, and the sensibility to perceive ambiguous things that are sought without words, and the desire to create a new experience that stirs the heart by making full use of all methods from craftsmanship to cutting-edge technology.
Based on the LC500/LC500h, the specially designed LC "PATINA Elegance" features Lexus L-ANILINE leather seats that combine durability with softness and natural texture, and genuine leather steering using premium leather with a soft feel.
It is finished as a model that further enhances the style and taste.
L-ANILINE carefully selects only the highest quality raw leather, and achieves softness with a color coat that aims for a thin coating with a long process of flexibility and proprietary technology.
It improves the sitting comfort that envelopes the body and the fit while driving.
Premium leather is also used for the steering, so that you can feel the quality with your skin.
In addition, metal parts such as Alcantara roof and laser etching, scuff plates with overlapping L-shaped motifs, and color head-up display are specially equipped.
The interior features vivid patina brown, door trim, genuine leather seats, and gorgeous brown color combinations on seatbelts.
In addition, two colors of stitching, light brown and dark brown with different brightness, are used to express a high-quality and deep space along with a carefully selected texture.
The body color is set in three colors: terrain khaki mica metallic, sonic titanium, and graphite black glass flakes.
I want to use sidecar!
According to Apple, macOS Catalina will be available in October.
The exact date has not been disclosed, but it may be released on October 4th?
[View All Images] Maybe the release date of macOS Catalina is October 4th?
The above image was posted on Apple's site in Denmark (now fixed).
The image certainly has the words "Fra den 4. oktober" (from October 4th).
If it is an official website, the accuracy of the information seems to be high.
By the way, the function I want to try the most in macOS Catalina personally is "Sidecar".
This is a function that treats the iPad as a sub-display of the Mac, and it is a function that was realized by a third-party application in the past.
And since Sidecar is a genuine function of Apple, it is expected to be more complete (and responsive).
There are rumors of the next MacBook Pro with a 16-inch display, but first we want to fully experience this next generation of macOS.
Sakura shrimp in the growing process PT, such as Shizuoka City, taken at a depth of 290 meters|Shizuoka Shimbun at-s
Sakura shrimp born this year successfully photographed in the deep waters of Suruga Bay. (photo courtesy of the Yui Sakura Shrimp Project)
The Yui Sakura Shrimp Project of the Marine Industry Cluster Council, led by Shizuoka City and other government agencies, has recently succeeded in photographing sakura shrimp, which are thought to have been born during the spawning season of this spring and summer, on the seabed of Suruga Bay at a depth of 290 meters.
Images of the growth process are valuable, and those involved want to lead to the elucidation of the ecology of Sakura shrimp, which has many mysteries.
The photograph was taken near the seabed about 1.5 kilometers off the coast of the Kabahara area of Shimizu Ward, Shimizu City.
A total of about 300 were confirmed in 17 minutes.
The conventional knowledge that sakura shrimp in the deep sea form a certain herd on the seafloor during the day is reaffirmed.
The adult is about 40 mm long, and the individual reflected is about 23 mm long.
The spawning season was identified by comparing seasonal data of salmon shrimp landed.
Detailed analysis will be commissioned from Fujitsu Software Technologies, which comprises the team, and Shizuoka Industrial Technology College.
Project Leader Keisuke Mizuno says, "I want to capture the living appearance of individuals in the growth process, including juvenile shrimp."
Mother Farm Resumes, Free for Chiba Residents Until the End of October, Damaged by Typhoons | Shizuoka Shimbun at S
Chiba-kun, the mascot character of Chiba Prefecture, greets visitors at Mother Farm, which has reopened for business. (© Futtsu City, Chiba Prefecture, in the morning of the 28th.)
Mother Farm in Futtsu City, Chiba Prefecture, which had been closed since September 9 due to power outages and damage to facilities caused by Typhoon Hagibis, reopened its business on May 28.
In order to liven up the disaster area, residents of Chiba Prefecture will be free to enter until the end of October.
At the entrance gate, Chiba-kun, the prefecture's mascot character who rushed to cheer on the children, welcomed them.
The roof is covered with blue sheets, and some facilities are still undergoing repairs, but half of the restaurants managed to reopen.
Kenji Mitani, 34, a company employee from Sagamihara City who visited with his family, said with a smile, "I was worried about when it would reopen.I came to enjoy the event of potato digging because I thought it would lead to reconstruction."
Zendo Go 4-strong decision: Hokkaido Shimbun
The 69th Zendo Go Championship (hosted by the Hokkaido Shimbun) was held on the 28th at the Hokkaido Shimbun in Chuo-ku, Sapporo City.
Thirty contestants competed at the top level of amateurs in Hokkaido, and the best four were selected.
Tetsuya Asano (48) = Sapporo district = Takuma Hideyuki (52) = Tomita Takuji (72) = Asahikawa district = Takausumori (75) = Kitami district =.
Kazuya Takasu, 49, who won the previous year's championship, narrowly lost in the quarterfinals to Asano, who boasts the tournament's most wins eight times.
Shinoda Yuya (8), the youngest contestant in the history of the tournament, lost in the first round to Arai Kazutoyo (75), the previous year's runner-up.
Mr. Arai was defeated in the next two rounds.
On the 29th, from 1:30 p.m., the semifinals and the final of the all-way Go tournament were held.
From 10:00 a.m., the 26th All-Japan Women's Go Championship is held.
All venues are Hokkaido Shimbun (Odori West 3 ).
(Yasutoshi NAKAMURA)
[The first half of the Bud Olympics Race] World Champion Kento Momota takes the lead!
<Men's Singles> (Bud x Spi!
The Japan national team, which won six medals at the 25th World Championships in Basel, Switzerland, a major badminton event in August, will participate in the China OP (Super 1000) starting from September 17 after completing a training camp in early September.
Here, we will look back at the first half of the games from May to August, when the Olympic race for next year's Tokyo Olympics began, and look at the men's singles for the middle game (September to December) (text / Badminton Magazine Editorial Department ).
Badminton's Olympic Games, which began in May, digested the top four Super 500 or higher competitions in which the top players competed at the end of the World Championships.
In the first half, Kento Momota, who won 2 out of 4 races, and Tiancheng Chou of Taiwan were probably the two who kept up the good performance.
Momota won the world championship, Zhou Tianzhen won the Indonesia OP (S1000) and the tournament where high points of the "world ranking point" directly connected to the Olympic race can be obtained.
Momota has also won the Japan OP (S750).
The tournaments that have participated since May are the Sudirman Cup (May/China), Indonesia OP (July/Result is 16 strong), Japan OP (July) and World Championship (August).
Although the number of top players is small compared to other top players, it is a schedule that reduces the burden on the body.
Since there was only one World Championship in August, fatigue will not be much greater than during consecutive wars.
Good results will be required in the midfield games, where the top tournaments will be held in succession after September.
Taiwanese ace who is strong in series fights.
Pay attention to the young people in Thailand!
Zhou Tianzhen, who also won the top competitions of Indonesia OP and Thailand OP (S500), has already participated in seven tournaments.
He also participated in the local Taipei OP (S300) at the beginning of September and won the championship.
In addition to being physically strong, he is a player who does not suffer from consecutive battles.
As the tournament continues, there will be no major problems with the performance of the game.
On the contrary, the high points earned in the first half would have made it easier to adjust the schedule of the tournament to be played in the future.
Zhou Tianzhen had an impression that he lacked explosive power until last year, but since the start of this year, he has been able to continue his good performance with an increased sense of stability on the playing surface.
Momota, who is ranked No. 1 in the world, is likely to be a more difficult opponent than ever.
Other than these two players, Thailand's young ace Kantaphon and India's Sai Pranice B. produced results in the first half.
And Anders Antonsen, who is struggling alone as a European force, is three players.
Although Cantafone did not advance to the finals in the top tournament, he has the power to advance to the top, having finished in the best four in the two tournaments this season.
There is still a rough surface, but the 20-year-old (21 on the 18th) who can rally on an equal footing with top athletes seems to have a great potential to make a leap in the Olympic race.
Sai Pranise B. also took a step forward in India, where there are good singles players.
Samir Barama, Pranoy H.s. and Srikanth Kidambi, who are behind with injuries, will also be catching up in the future, so India's post-midfield side will need to be cautious.
New Charges for Mobile Phones: Hokkaido Shimbun
With the enactment of the amended Telecommunications Business Law in October, mobile phone companies have launched new rate plans.
However, they generally remained high.
Last summer, Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said, "There is room to cut prices by about 40 percent."despite heightened expectations for price cuts, price competition did not occur.
Rakuten's full-fledged entry has been postponed, and the oligopoly of the three major companies continues to be a major factor.
It is desirable for consumers to have an easy-to-use pricing system through fair competition.
I would like to ask for the efforts of mobile phone companies.
The amended law prohibits discounts on the set of terminal and telecommunications charges.
It was because the communication fee was set to be expensive instead of selling the terminal fee at a low price.
SoftBank and KDDI (au) announced plans to cut handsets by up to half.
However, both companies can't use other companies' lines for 100 days, so a "SIM lock" is attached to the terminal.
NTT Docomo will reduce the terminal fee to one-third of the maximum for its own line subscribers.
All three companies appear to be continuing their "enclosure" to prevent transfers to other companies.
The Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications (MIC) has announced a policy requiring the immediate release of SIM locks.
Companies also need to take immediate action.
Rakuten's postponement was due to the fact that the maintenance of the telecommunications network, such as base stations, did not go as planned.
It was expected to be a catalyst for the price cut competition, so it looks like a shrug.
There may have been a sweetness in the outlook.
It is not clear when or how much the service will start.
As a company responsible for social infrastructure, I would like you to engage in business responsibly.
The recent price revision was triggered by Chief Cabinet Secretary Suga's remarks.
Mr. Suga expressed dissatisfaction with the new fees of the three companies, saying, "I think competition will start from now on, and I do not think that it is okay at all."
However, I do not think that "government-manufactured price cuts" will distort the market and encourage healthy competition.
Companies should engage in customer-oriented competition before the government interferes with them.
The price structure of each company is very complicated and it is not easy to compare.
The Consumer Affairs Agency called attention to the fact that there are cases where the burden on consumers exceeds the half price even though advertisements such as "maximum half price" are placed on terminals.
Companies themselves should try to provide polite and easy-to-understand explanations so as not to mislead users.
Withdrawal Limit Reduced to 500,000 Yen, 3 Shinkin Cash Cards in Mie Prefecture - Ise Shimbun
Three shinkin banks in Mie Prefecture (Kuwana Mie Shinkin Bank, Kita-Ise Ueno Shinkin Bank, and Kihoku Shinkin Bank) announced on April 26 that they have decided to lower the limit on withdrawals using cash cards in order to prevent special scams.
For depositors over the age of 70 who have held cash cards at the Kuwana Mie, Kita-Ise-Ueno, and Kihoku Shinkin Banks and have not made more than a certain amount of withdrawals at ATMs (automatic teller machines) in the past three years, the maximum amount that can be withdrawn with a cash card per day is 500,000 yen.
Kuwana Mie Shinkin Bank and Kita-Ise Ueno Shinkin Bank will be lowered on October 1 and Kihoku Shinkin Bank will be lowered on November 1.
In the prefecture, there are many special fraud cases in which cash cards and PINs are spoofed and withdrawn at ATMs under the guise of financial institutions and police officials.
Sudden Death of Izutsu Chikakata | Shizuoka Shimbun AT-S
On April 27, the Nihon Sumo Kyokai (Japan Sumo Association) announced that it had approved the transfer of three sumo wrestlers from the Izutsu-beya (Izutsu-beya) including Tsurutatsu YOKOTSUNA and one tokoyama to the Mutsu-beya (Mutsu-beya) due to the death of Chikakata ITSU (former Sakaho SEKIWAKI).
The Mutsu room was the same as the Izutsu room and belonged to the Tokitsukaze family.
His master, Oyakata MUTSU (formerly Kirishima OSEKI), was from the Izutsu-beya family and was a dharma brother of the late Oyakata Izutsu.
Izutsu Chikakata died suddenly on the 16th, and Tsururyu and others were temporarily placed under the custody of Kagamiyama-beya of the same family, and future treatment was discussed.
In the Mutsu room, there are 12 sumo wrestlers, including Junryo Kirimayama from Mongolia, who is the same as Tsururyu, as of the autumn location.
(The ANSWER) - Yahoo!news
USA FL Quill plays rough, ex-England international 'cannot be called a tackle'
The U.s. lost 7-45 to England in their last appearance at the Rugby World Cup in Japan on the 26th.
It was a black star start, but the rough play played by FL John Quill in the second half caused a stir.
It is a one-shot exit in the form of adding a shoulder tackle to the face of the opponent.
Foreign media outlets also released footage of the incident, with the former England international complaining that it was "insulting and despicable" and "not a tackle".
[Video] "insulting and despicable play" and ripples overseas!
The real moment of the "facial danger tackle" played by U.s. representative Quill
A passionate fighting spirit crossed the line.
It was the 29th minute of the second half when the Whites went 0-38.
Deep into the opposition, England's captain, Farrell, lost his balance when he caught his side's pass.
It was Quill who made the tackle.
However, he raised his upper body not from the waist down and slammed his body violently into the upper body.
As a result, the other person's head comes into contact with the other person's head, and it is shaped like a headbutt.
Farrell was violently blown away and collapsed.
The England players vehemently protested against Quill's apparent lack of legitimacy.
Players from both sides gathered at once, and it became an air of instantaneous touch.
As a result of TMO (video judgment), Quill was red carded and exited.
He left the pitch with a bad look on his face, but some of the spectators who wanted to play fair were booed.
Rugby powerhouse New Zealand's local media "staff" headlined "Rugby World Cup 2019: U.s. player walks out of Rugby World Cup with lousy play, England win comfortably" and featured "Rugby World Cup 2019: U.s. player walks out of Rugby World Cup with lousy play, England win comfortably".
"Kill left after making a vile shoulder charge on the face of England star Farrell", "It was almost a brawl between the two sides".
In this article, we introduce the comments of former England international and commentator Hugo Monya.
He complained, "It's insulting, it's despicable, it's not a tackle, it's a despicable play."
In the 81st minute, the U.s. managed to avoid a shutout thanks to a stubborn try.
However, Quill's play left a bad aftertaste.
On September 26, Japan's Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare (MHLW) released for the first time the names of 424 public hospitals nationwide, including 1,455 public hospitals and the JRCS, that were judged to have "poor medical records."
In Fukui Prefecture, the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare verified the treatment results of 14 public and public hospitals, and targeted four facilities: Awara Hospital of the National Hospital Organization in Awara City; Oda Hospital in Echizen Town; and Wakasa Takahama Hospital in Takahama Town.
4 hospitals subject to reorganization: "standards are strange"
In order to curb medical expenses, which are swelling due to the aging of the population, it is necessary to promote reorganization and integration with hospitals in competing regions.
A full-scale review of reorganization and integration will be requested in October and a conclusion will be reached by September next year.
It is not compulsory, but local chiefs and residents are anticipating opposition due to fears that nearby hospitals will disappear.
It was announced at the same day's meeting.
The target hospitals accounted for 29.1% of the total, and many of them had relatively few beds.
By prefecture, Niigata (53.7%), Hokkaido (48.6%), Miyagi (47.5%), Yamaguchi (46.7%), and Okayama (43.3%).
The number of targets was the largest in Hokkaido with 54, and Okinawa was the only one with zero.
Based on data from fiscal 2017, the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare (MHLW) surveyed 1,455 public and public hospitals that can respond to the "high acute phase" for severe patients and the "acute phase" for general surgery.
By analyzing the results of nine treatments, including cancer and emergency medicine, and whether competing hospitals are located "within 20 minutes by car", we judged the necessity of disclosing the name of the hospital.
The target hospitals will be asked to consider abolition or the transfer of some departments to other hospitals.
Medical expenses will skyrocket in 25 years, when all baby boomers are 75 years old or older.
For this reason, the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare has set a goal of reducing the number of hospital beds nationwide from 1,246,000 in 2018 to 1,191,000.
At present, there are many beds in the "high acute phase" and "acute phase" where nurses are well placed and medical expenses are high, but there is a shortage of rehabilitation facilities that are in high need of the elderly.
In order to cope with the aging population, it is necessary not only to reduce the number of beds but also to increase rehabilitation.
Regarding the reorganization and consolidation of hospitals, each prefecture has formulated a "community medical care plan" that specifies the number of beds necessary for 25 years.
The entire country is divided into 339 zones, where municipalities and medical professionals are consulting, but many local residents and chiefs remain cautious, making the debate difficult.
The Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare wants to revitalize the debate by disclosing the names of hospitals with poor results.
Komagatake Eruption Prediction and Road Disaster Prevention Training Residents Participate in Wide Area for the First Time in 18 Years (Video ) : Hokkaido Shimbun
On September 27, a comprehensive drill was held to simulate the eruption of Mt. Komagatake (1131 meters) in the forest, Nanae, and Shikabe towns in the Oshima area.
About 400 people, including officials and residents of 20 organizations including provinces and three towns, participated in the event.
This was the first time since the Hokkaido Komagatake Volcano Disaster Prevention Council formulated an evacuation plan in August that included evacuation routes for residents.
This is the first wide-area training that residents participate in in 18 years.
It is assumed that Mt.Komagatake erupted at 8:45 a.m. and mudflow reached the town at the foot of the mountain.
When the eruption warning level was raised to 5 (evacuation), evacuation shelters were established in the towns of Mori and Nanae.
100,000 students protest against global warming during school holidays at Vancouver climate demonstration (Minna no Keizai Shimbun Network) - Yahoo!news
About 100,000 citizens, including students who sympathized with 16-year-old environmental activist Greta Thunberg, marched in Vancouver on September 27 to protest against climate change.
Climate demonstration in Vancouver
The march took place from Vancouver City Hall across Canby Bridge to the downtown library.
People with placards started to gather in front of the city hall a few hours before the start of the meeting, and at 13:00 the number of people was large enough to fill the road a few blocks in front of the city hall.
Since then, the number of participants has continued to grow, eventually exceeding 100,000.
On the road along the way, the police also cooperated by enforcing road regulations and watched over everyone for several hours until they finished walking.
In conjunction with the United Nations Climate Action Summit held in New York, Vancouver has held a number of events to think about global warming since last weekend.
On the 27th, the last day of the festival, a school strike called "Fridays for Future" was held.
The students who took a day off from school appealed to the adults that they would like to protect the earth even if they take a day off from school, and many adults who took a day off from work responded that they would do their best for the future of children who are seriously studying and thinking.
9 prefectures Recommended for Pork Cholera Vaccine Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries (Gifu Shimbun Web) - Yahoo!news
Japan's Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries (MAFF) announced on April 27 that it has revised its guidelines to prevent the spread of the infectious disease "pork cholera."
Nine prefectures, including Gifu Prefecture and Aichi Prefecture, have been confirmed to be infected by pigs and wild boar.
The movement of vaccinated live pigs and fertilized eggs is restricted within the region, but meat and processed products can be distributed outside the region.
The company aims to complete the process by the end of October at the earliest through public comments and other means.
By using vaccines and allowing meat and other products to be distributed outside the region, the country will cease to be a "clean country" recognized by international organizations and may have an impact on pork exports.
Since the outbreak in September last year, Japan's status as a clean country has been temporarily on hold.
Based on the opinions of experts, the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries has designated "recommended areas for vaccination" for areas at high risk of infection from wild boars to pigs.
The target prefectures have created a vaccination program that summarizes the scope of vaccination, the timing of vaccination, the number of vaccinated vaccinators, and how to proceed. the program is confirmed by the ministry and approved for use at the governor's discretion.
The other seven prefectures listed as recommended areas for vaccination are Saitama, Toyama, Ishikawa, Fukui, Nagano, Mie and Shiga.
The region will review the situation and make a new decision when the Guidelines are revised.
In principle, the movement of inoculated pigs, semen, fertilized eggs, corpses, feces, etc. is restricted within the area.
Meat and processed products are not subject to such restrictions, taking into account the costs of restricting their distribution and the impact on farmers.in effect, they are allowed to be distributed outside the region.
Thoroughly dispose of food waste to prevent the spread of viruses.
The company also appeals to the public about the safety of inoculated pigs and works to prevent harmful rumors.
The draft revision of the Guidelines was compiled at a meeting of experts held on the same day and confirmed at a meeting of the Headquarters for Countermeasures against Epidemic Substances.
From now on, we will conduct inquiries and public comments to the prefectural governments until October 7, and enforce the new guidelines for the prevention of epidemics.
Keisuke Honda, an independent, open approach to Man U!
"Give me an offer, I don't need any money" (Football Channel) - Yahoo!news
9/28 (sat) 2:57 stream
Former Japan international MF Keisuke Honda, who left the Australian A-League side Melbourne Victory last season and is currently unaffiliated, took surprising action.
[Video] Keisuke Honda, were you actually at the game?
The astonishing truth will be revealed.
"Offer me, I don't need the money, but I need to play with a great team and a great teammate," Honda said after updating his Twitter account at midnight on the 27th.
The person who sent the "reverse offer" was Manchester United, a world-renowned club.
Why did Honda make such an epic request to one of the most powerful clubs in the Premier League?
It all started with an article on the Australian version of Fox Sports, which was released on the 24th.
In an article entitled "Five FWs Manchester United could seize in the midst of an injury crisis", five currently available unaffiliated players were picked up.
Among the players Hatem Ben Alfa, Giuseppe Rossi and Wilfredo Bonnie were Honda's names.
United are currently in a state of emergency with a number of injuries including MF Paul Pogba, DF Luke Shaw, DF Eric Bailly, FW Antony Marcial and FW Marcus Rushford.
The Red Devils, led by Ole Gunnar Surchar, were forced to make a difficult start in the league with two wins and 22 defeats.
As a result, Honda was named by the Australian media as a candidate for a new force to take advantage of.
According to the article, "Strictly speaking, Honda's contract as a creative player rather than a striker can fill the hole that Andreas Pereira is filling".
Nine goals in 18 appearances for Melbourne Victory is a "solid record", but "33-year-old Honda needs to get the full attention away from his pastime of managing the Cambodian national team".
Will Honda's approach really bear fruit?
It is also worth noting whether United will make a move for the veteran who has publicly stated that his goal is to participate in the Tokyo Olympics next year.
Free rental of 500 portable translators to Hamamatsu Chamber of Commerce and Industry, shops, etc. | Shizuoka Shimbun at S
PokéTalk, a portable translator lent free of charge to 500 stores and other locations in Hamamatsu City
The Hamamatsu Chamber of Commerce and Industry announced on April 26 that it has completed the installation of 500 PokéTalk mobile translators at its stores and other locations in Hamamatsu City.
This is the first time in Japan that the translator has been deployed centrally in the same area, and it will attract attention if it improves the ability to respond to inbound tourists.
The loans were to 236 restaurants, 113 retailers, 17 lodging facilities, and 134 others.
Naka Ward of the same city accounts for 60%.
Google Maps, a map app, has started displaying the locations of foreign-language stores on smartphones.
It can be accessed from the Lake Hamana sightseeing area site.
The free loan of PokéTalk in 74 languages was launched in April in response to the declaration of "Japan's No. 1 inbound support city, Hamamatsu" by nine local organizations.
The Chamber of Commerce and Industry will purchase 500 units and lease them to small and medium-sized businesses that meet conditions such as obtaining certification for hospitality and introducing cashless payments for two years.
A representative of the Korea Chamber of Commerce and Industry said, "With the difficult business environment, we hope it will lead to the development of new foreign customers."
Now the Nao Dora master Hiroyo Ikemura does not need to tie up even the first shot?
Today's caddie's best shot.
A 1W shot is not necessarily a tie-up.
There is also a technique called "Nao Dora" in which you hit the ball on the ground when you want to gain distance by hitting the second shot of the par-5.
There is a risk that the ball will be scattered in the recent 1W due to the large head volume, but there are players who practice this frequently on the tie ground.
Hiroyo Ikemura is waiting for his first victory on the tour.
The 24-year-old, who is in his seventh year as a pro, is small at 166 m tall, but currently ranks seventh in the driving distance category (average 304.02 yd).
While he was good at long shots, one of the challenges was the accuracy of Fairwaywood.
In early spring, he opened his eyes and said, "I couldn't shoot with a spoon (3W), so I thought about doing a direct dora."
From the practice round, he drops the ball on the turf of Tiarea and sometimes shakes off 1W without thinking.
In cases where big carry is required, tie-ups are often used, but direct dolls are effectively utilized in narrow halls on both sides.
It can be used in halls where the eyes are down.
Ballistic instruments recorded 270 yd to 280 yd in carry.
That's why I don't need 3W, and the caddie can feel more secure with a direct dora than with 3W ...
From the "Japan Tour Championship" in June, Wood is only 1W in the caddie bag.
The second longest club is Loft 17 Degrees UT.
The method of fighting that surprises even the tour companions is also glad to hear the admiration leaking from the gallery you saw.
The trick is to swing the club to the level (horizontal).
Even if you hit it with a down blow or an upper, it doesn't fly straight.if it's a cut trajectory, it goes to the right.originally I was doing a direct doll to correct the swing of the 1W shot (at the time of tie-up).this practice also makes the attack angle (club incidence angle) moderate.
The ball is not caught and carries the risk of slicing, but "so the left side can be erased (not bent to the left)".
It is a professional technique that makes you unintentional.
First ice at Mt.Norikura Tatamidaira (Gifu Shimbun Web) - Yahoo!news
Ice observed for the first time this season at Tsuruga-ike Pond in Tatamidaira, Mt. Norikura (courtesy of Norikura Skyline Management Office)
Ice was observed for the first time this season at Tsuruga-ike Pond in Tatamidaira (Nyukawa-cho, Takayama City, Gifu Prefecture, at an altitude of 2,702 meters) on Mt. Norikura in the Northern Alps on April 27.
This is four days later than last year and one day earlier than the average for the past decade.
According to the Norikura Skyline Management Office, at around 6:25 a.m., officers patrolling the road found ice about 2 millimeters thick on the west side of Tsurugaike Pond.
The weather was fine and the temperature was 3 degrees Celsius.
According to the Gifu Regional Meteorological Observatory, the lowest temperature in the prefecture on that day was 9.5 degrees Celsius in Rokumaya, Shokawa-cho, the same city.
Let's experience para sports!
Caravan event at Aeon Onahama until tomorrow " Iwaki Minpo official website
Aiming to foster momentum for the 2020 Tokyo Paralympics, Tokio Marine & Nichido Fire Insurance Co. (TMNF) held a caravan event titled "Challenge 6" in Fukushima Prefecture on April 28 at the Aeon Mall Iwaki-Onahama.
There are six Paralympic sports: Boccia, Wheelchair Fencing, Wheelchair Basketball, Goalball, Athletics and Wheelchair Rugby.
Challenge 6 was held in six prefectures in the Tohoku region from July to October, and in Fukushima Prefecture, the AEON Mall Iwaki Onahama was the venue.
The Paralympic Games are still less well-known than the Olympic Games, but through Challenge 6, the aim is to help as many people as possible understand the Paralympic Games by giving them the same experience as the Paralympic athletes.
At the venue, Mr. dandy Sakano, a comedian who is familiar with "Getz!", dressed in a yellow costume, visited and experienced the competition together, and it was lively.
On the 29th, the comedian Judge Maggie will come running.
Until the 29th.
Hours are from 10:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.
Yamagata City to Construct Children's Playground and Minami-Numahara Elementary School|Yamagata Shimbun
The winning bidders for the Children's Playground and Minami-Numahara Elementary School Building, both of which Yamagata City is proceeding with a project to improve social infrastructure (PFI) by utilizing private funds, were selected, and the city council's Standing Committee held a meeting on the 26th to explain the outline of the facility.
Image of a new children's playground in Kataya, Yamagata City
The children's play facility is planned to be built on the north side of Yamagata Kuchu in the Kataya area, and the site area is about 23,400 square meters.
The building is a steel-framed one-story building with a total floor area of about 3,000 square meters.
It is equipped with a semi-underground gymnasium, a cafe, and a library corner.
In addition, there is a universally designed playground for children with disabilities to play outdoors and a parking space for 300 cars.
The 13-company Shelter Group (Yamagata City) won the bid for 3.05 billion yen (about U.s.$3 million), including the cost of designing, preparing for opening, and maintaining and operating the facility for 15 years.
It will begin design and construction in January next year and is scheduled to open in March 2022.
Image of Minami-Numahara Elementary School Building
Minami Numahara Elementary School is a large-scale school with more than 900 pupils.
Construction is planned on the north side of the current school building in Iizawa, and the site area is about 21,500 square meters.
The three-story reinforced concrete building has a total floor area of about 8580 square meters.
It has 30 classrooms, two swimming pools, a steel gymnasium, and an after-school children's club.
The eight-company Ichimura Engineering & Construction Group (Yamagata City) won the bid for 4501.21 million yen (about U.s.$4.5 million) for the design, demolition of the old school building, and 15 years of maintenance and operation.
It was designed and built in December and is scheduled to be completed in October 2010.
Fuji Rendra "Moto Karemania" starring Yuko Araki & Kengo Kora - Yahoo!news
Actress Shuri (29) is set to star in Fuji Television's new drama Motokale Mania (starting October 17, Thursday, 10:00 a.m.) starring Yuko Araki (25) and Kengo Kora (31).
Shuri is played by Kaga Chizuru, a colleague of Yamashita Akio (38), who plays Hamano Kenta.
Chizuru, a drama original character who does not appear in the original story, is not interested in marriage and insists that marriage is a "measure" to avoid financial difficulties.
Yamashita appears there.
Seeing the prospect of being promoted from Hokkaido to Tokyo headquarters, which is rare, and the beautiful way of eating rice, he approaches "the right marriage partner".
Chizuru seems to have a strong mentality, but in fact he is as weak as tofu.
In order to lay out a love strategy not to be hurt, if things do not go as expected, it is intensely upsetting.
It depicts Chizuru's bravado as she encounters Yurika and Yamashita, played by Araki Yuko, and changes as she interacts with them.
This is the first time that Shuri, who has appeared in numerous popular works such as the NHK serial TV novel "Toto Ne-chan" (April to October 2016) and the TBS series "Black Pean" (April 2018), has appeared in a Fuji terrestrial drama.
Shuri said, "For some reason, there are many roles where love is not fruitful, so I hope that this time (love) will be fulfilled (laughs)."I would like to enjoy playing Chizuru Kaga" and "I am looking forward to how I can create this world of "Moto Karemania" with the cast and staff full of personality and charm.I hope it will be a drama that everyone can look forward to 10 o'clock every Thursday."
Okura Kuto (17) will also play the role of Senzuru's junior recruit, Hattori Tsubo.
Okura, the youngest member of the regular cast, gives a fresh performance full of youth.
GQ MENの10日着まわし-Day9「仲間とスケートボード」 (GQ JAPAN ) - Yahoo!news
The only means of transportation is skateboarding!
I've been hooked since I started skiing at the invitation of my friends.
I'm still a beginner, but it feels good to push through the asphalt.
Filson's hunting jacket is convenient because it can be put in smartphones, wallets and luggage, and it can be hands-free.
It feels good to feel the wind directly with shorts.
Not only the feet, but also the skateboard shoes of Converse are light.
The fashion and culture around skateboarding is also cool, so I check magazines and Instagram frequently!
I also started going to a salon run by a skater hairdresser in Yutenji.
They taught me tricks and information about skate parks that I haven't been able to do at all, and I was inspired by them.
After school, it's our daily routine to walk around town with our friends and skateboards.
Andersen-ANDERSEN/Maiden Company TEL03-5410-9777 ・Best ¥23,000 〈FILSON/Outer Limits TEL03-5413-6957 〉・Tops ¥12,000〈PRE _ / Wagink TEL03-5791-1501 〉・Shorts ¥6800〈PROPPER/High!
Minister of Health, Labour and Welfare visits family members affected by leprosy to discuss three ministries to eliminate discrimination | Shizuoka Shimbun at-s
Minister of Health, Labour and Welfare Katsunobu Kato announced at a press conference after the cabinet meeting on October 27 that he will meet families of former leprosy patients on October 2.
It also announced that discussions will be held on the same day between the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare, the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology, and the Ministry of Justice to eliminate discrimination and prejudice against former patients and their families.
Mr. Kato said, "I would like to listen to the voices of my family and do my utmost to solve the problems."
Regarding the families of former patients, the Kumamoto District Court ordered the government to pay a total of about 376 million yen to 541 plaintiffs in a ruling in June.
Prime Minister Abe Shinzo announced that the appeal would be postponed, and the ruling was finalized.
The government will also work on activities such as compensation measures and human rights awareness.
A chance for male model aspirants!
Model special audition 2019 ( debut ) - Yahoo!news
Among the participating companies, there are not only models like Narita Ryo, but also many offices belonging to male models who demonstrate their talents in various ways such as actors.
[Photo] SOS Model Agency: Kenji Taniguchi
"Sony Music Artists" is a model exclusive to the magazine "MEN'S NON-NO" (Shueisha) and has a high reputation as an actor, such as appearing in the movie "Human Disqualification" (currently being released) and starring in the movie "Katsuben ! " (to be released on December 13).
"SOS Model Agency" belongs to Kenji Taniguchi, who has served as an advertising model for Yohji Yamamoto GroundY / s'yte, and has appeared in the movie "Kamen Rider Amazons" as Amazon Alpha / Hitoshi Takayama, and as Lieutenant Colonel Yuki in the stage "Joker Game Game".
Stage "Touken Ranbu" Jiden-Sun leaves scattering ~ Jiro Tachi role, hyper-projection theater "High Queue ! !" series "Junes" belonging to Ryotaro Kosaka who is active on a 2.5-dimensional stage such as Hotaru Tsukishima.
"NVRMND inc" belongs to Sodairo Yasunaga, who has modeled for Amazon Fashon Week and fashion magazine editorials, and has recently been active in various brand models such as UNIQLO, NIKE, and adidas.
In addition to HIROTO's "Prestige" and Santen Pharmaceutical's "Sun Medical" commercials that appear in commercials such as WEGO, Colopla, LINEB612, TikTok, and Johnson & Johnson, Eiryumori's Create Japan Agency that appears on the stage "Easy Devil", "Akimachi Twilight", and "Marigold - Flower Language of Despair".
She has appeared in many women's magazines, including men's fashion magazines such as "POPEYE" and "Smart".
A number of model offices have participated, including LOOKBOOK for domestic and foreign brands, and BIRKIN STYLE, to which HAYASE, who is active in a wide range of advertising, belongs.
His autographed manuscript before Akutagawa's suicide was released to the public for the first time.the literary theory of weakness and misery|Shizuoka Shimbun At-S
Manuscript written by Ryunosuke AKUTAGAWA to be shown for the first time at Tabata Bunshimura Memorial Museum
Author Ryunosuke AKUTAGAWA (1892-1927) published a manuscript of his essay 'Zoku Bungei, Too Bungei,' published in his last years when he had a literary debate with Junichiro TANIZAKI, and the Tabata Bunshimura Memorial Museum in Kita Ward, Tokyo obtained the manuscript by the 27th.
It will be exhibited at the museum from October 1.
Although the existence of the essay was known, such as being included in the complete collection, it is said that it is the first time that the manuscript in his own handwriting is released to the public.
It seems to have been written a few months before Akutagawa's suicide, and Takeshi Tanai, a researcher at the memorial hall, says, "We can see that Akutagawa, who was physically and mentally weak, faced serious literary challenges with a grim resolution."
A total of 12 essays on 200-character manuscript paper were published in the April 2015 issue of Bungei Shunju.
Greta Thunberg: why do adults mock and threaten children?
Greta Thunberg, a Swedish environmental activist, gave a speech at the United Nations Climate Action Summit in New York City on September 23.
While the speech has been attracting attention, there has been an outpouring of insults towards Greta.
Greta Thunberg: why adults mock and threaten children
A political commentator said on an American television program that Greta was "mentally ill, being used by her parents and the international left," and the television station that hired her apologized.
Even in Japan, there are many messages on the Internet commenting on Greta's comments, such as "I feel sorry for her being used" or "I should go to school."
On September 26, Greta posted on her Twitter account, "Why do adults spend their time mocking and threatening teenagers and children?"
Come up with all the lies and conspiracy theories you can think of.
Greta began her post by saying, "Look, it's started again.as you can see, the people who don't like me are still active.they go after my appearance, my clothes, my attitude, and where I'm different.they come up with all the lies and conspiracy theories they can think of."
He went on to point out that adults don't want to deal with climate and environmental crises, so they seem to be shifting the topic.
Honestly, I don't understand why adults spend their time mocking and threatening teenagers and children.
On that time will be able to do another good.
I think they feel threatened by us.
But don't spend your time paying attention to them any more.
The world is beginning to wake up.
Change is coming.
Whether adults like that change or not.
See you on the streets on Friday!
On Friday, the 20th of the previous week, climate change strikes were held in New York and other parts of the world.
Greta called for the event to be held on Friday, the 27th.
HuffPost Japan Editorial Department
[Program Council] Akita TV (Sankei Shimbun ) - Yahoo!news
The 432nd Akita Television Broadcasting Program Council (Chairman: Kiyohiko Ebatake) held a deliberation on "Editors, culinary professionals, celebrities recommend! truly delicious Akita curry" broadcast on August 16.
The program introduced the best curry restaurants, points to enjoy professional tastes at home, and the secret story of the birth of the special retort curry.
The committee members commented, "It was simple and clear in concept and theme," "I could see it with interest until the end.curry buns and the like appeared and had a tempo," and "I could see it from a different point of view from a gourmet site."
Rikuya Hoshino "I learned rough turf differently from usual" (Golf Network) - Yahoo!news
The Japan-Korea sub-tournament "Shin Hwan Hye Open" was held on June 22 at Bear's Best Cheongna Golf Club (7238 yards, par 71) in South Korea. Rikuya Hoshino finished the tournament in a 9-under 5th place with a 1-eagle, 2-birdie and 1-bogey 68.
[Video] Come to Japan!
Garcia's Wedge Shot
I was able to extend it to some extent in the first half, so I thought I could go with that momentum in the second half, but I was frustrated because the putter did not go well and I could not extend it.
Did you see the winner with an eagle on No. 6 and a birdie on No. 7?
Even after a bogey at No. 4, there was still a par-5 left, so when I was trying to get it back, a chip-in eagle came at No. 6.
I also got a birdie at No. 7 and got a chance, but I was disappointed that I could not extend it in the second half.
What did you gain from this tournament?
I didn't play well recently, so I was able to keep the fairway even on a narrow course.
I learned a lot because I did not have much experience (experience) because the rough was also a course where the reverse eye was different from the order and the way of hitting and the distance changed.
What's the difference from your regular competitions?
It was a place where it was possible to shoot a camera (such as a smartphone).
I didn't mind at all, but the gallery was taking videos and so on.
Other than that, there were not many things that changed, but it was just a co-hosted tournament with few Japanese players, so I went to the game with the feeling that I would not lose to overseas players.
The second half of the game will continue from now on, but if you do not win more than one, you can not aim for the prize money king, so I would like to win another victory, and there is also a ZOZO Championship in the near future, so I will do my best to enter the top in the tournament so that I can qualify.
How to prevent dementia and keep it to the level of "forgetfulness"?
Interview and text by Yo Watanabe
It is a drug for dementia that has been frustrated by the R&D efforts of major pharmaceutical companies and university hospitals.
However, the relationship between dementia and lifestyle habits is being elucidated, and it seems that there is a possibility that it can be kept to the extent that it is extremely mild and forgetful.
We spoke to Professor Shunsuke Otsuki of Kindai University Hospital's Stroke Center.
Dementia won't go away.
What is the current state of dementia prevention and treatment?
Although the degree varies from mild to severe, dementia can occur when everyone gets older.
However, it is thought that it will still take more than 20 years for new dementia drugs to be developed.
The drug donepezil, which is commonly used in Japan, is not covered by insurance in some countries, so it is not expected to have a significant cure effect.
On the other hand, deaths from infectious diseases and accidents are decreasing, and cancer deaths are also decreasing due to remarkable advances in the treatment of anticancer drugs, etc.
Therefore, it is true that the number of dementia patients is increasing.
It is not something that can be solved by individuals or families alone, but it is necessary to create an environment where society as a whole can live with peace of mind in the community.
How to keep it to the level of 'obliviousness'
Is there anyone who is prone to dementia or difficult to become dementia?
Even if it is inevitable that you will get Otsuki dementia, there is a possibility that you can suppress the symptoms as much as possible and keep it to the level of "obliviousness".
Dementia is considered to be a lifestyle-related disease, and people who are prone to it tend to have it.
First, people with metabolic syndrome tend to develop dementia.
Dementia is regarded as a lifestyle-related disease.
It is a combination of obesity, high blood pressure, diabetes and hypercholesterolemia.
The presence or absence of economic power also affects the economy.
For example, in the United States, there are regions that distribute food tickets to the poor, but the foods that can be obtained with food tickets are frozen hamburgers, pizzas and chicken that can be stored.
It can be used by people who can't use gas or electricity and live in an environment where they can't cook in the first place.
This leads to a diet that is low in vegetables and protein, and a lifestyle that is biased toward lipids and carbohydrates.
Eventually, I became poor but obese, and all I had to do was stare at the TV, and my body became crippled.
A similar situation can happen in Japan.
In addition, people who don't think about things and don't work tend to get dementia.
In other words, in order to prevent dementia, it is necessary to read books on a daily basis and think about things that do not become metabolic.
Okayama Tourism & Specialty Products PR Bicchu Marche Manki-do VR in Osaka: Sanyo Shimbun Digital | Sandigi
The Okayama Sunny Country Bicchu Marche, sponsored by the Bicchu Prefectural Bureau and other organizations, began a two-day campaign to promote tourist attractions and local specialties in the Bicchu area at the plaza of JR Osaka Station on April 27.
At the beginning of this month, Niimi City was hit by a localized downpour and set up a VR (virtual reality) experience corner in Manki-dong to promote its appeal to people in the Kansai region.
Seven cities and towns participated: Kurashiki, Kasaoka, Ihara, Soja, Niimi, Asakuchi, and Yakake.
There were corners such as making fans using masking tape (Kurashiki City), making denim keychains (Ihara City), and making kaleidoscopes (Asakuchi City) related to the telescopes of the Astronomical Observatory, and station users stopped by.
In the VR experience of Manki-dong, visitors used special goggles to simulate walking in the cave.
A woman from Itami City, Hyogo Prefecture, 52, said, "If you turn to the left, you can see the scenery on the left, and if you look to the right, you can see the scenery on the right.
Genji Ki, the younger brother of Benki-no-Fuji who is remorseful for his squabbles, deviates from guidance | Shizuoka Shimbun AT-S
Kigenji Makuuchi, the twin brother of Juryo-Kinofuji, who was urged to voluntarily retire by the Nihon Sumo Kyokai (Japan Sumo Association) due to an assault on a sumo wrestler during a grand sumo tournament, said on the 28th, "I take it seriously that Kigenji Makuuchi, the twin brother of Juryo-Kinofuji, was reprimanded for deviating from the scope of his guidance.
We interviewed him at Ryogoku Kokugikan in Tokyo, where he participated in Hana-zumo.
Takano-Fuji held a press conference at its own discretion on September 27, wishing to continue its active service.
It is said that Genji KIGEN learned about the press conference and advised them not to do so, but they were unable to contact him after that.
I grew up in the same environment, but my brother and I have different ways of thinking.
Jaguar F-PACE Makes Its First Major Improvement - Potential Hybridization (Response) - Yahoo!news
Jaguar's first crossover SUV, the F-PACE, was the first camera to capture an improved new prototype in southern Europe.
The F-PACE has its origins in the C-X17, a four-seater concept SUV unveiled for the first time in 2013.
After that, a five-seater version was released in 2014, and it officially debuted as "F-PACE" at the Frankfurt Motor Show in 2015.
In 2016, the first generation of the current model was released, and this will be the first facelift.
The captured prototype is covered in thick camouflage, but you can see part of the new design.
The headlights are designed more compactly and thinly, and the side air intake seems to have been modified to a sporty oval shape.
The grille is completely disguised, but will undoubtedly be redesigned.
At the rear end, you can see some of the revamped taillights with elongated reverse lights at the top.
There is also a possibility that the design that goes around to the side like the current model has been modified compactly.
The cabin is expected to feature the company's Pivi Pro touchscreen infotainment system, as well as new digital clusters, HVAC control screens, steering wheels and gear selectors.
The powertrain is expected to feature a 2.0-liter inline four-cylinder turbodiesel and a hybridized 3.0-liter inline six-cylinder inginium.
The world premiere is likely to be in 2020.
Shizuoka Shimbun AT-S Provides 300 Million Yen to Former Assistants for Nuclear Power Plant Related Works | Shizuoka Shimbun AT-S
The head office of Kansai Electric Power Co., Inc. is located in Osaka City on the afternoon of the 27th (from Kyodo News' helicopter).
Mr. Makoto Yagi, 69, chairman of Kansai Electric Power Co., and others received money from Mr. Eiji Moriyama, a former assistant in Takahama, Fukui Prefecture, where the Kanden Takahama nuclear power plant is located, who died in March this year at the age of 90.
The construction company was "Yoshida Development" established in 1981.
According to a credit research company, the company's sales in the fiscal year ended August 2013 were 350 million yen (about U.s.$3 million), but they exceeded 1 billion yen (about U.s.$1 million) in the fiscal year ended August 2015 and 2.1 billion yen (about U.s.$1 million) in the fiscal year ended August 2018.
Construction work related to the Kansai Electric Power Co.'s nuclear power plant occupied a large part of the business.
(KTS Kagoshima TV) - Yahoo!news
On the 24th of this month, a 33-year-old unemployed man was arrested on a national highway in Kagoshima City on suspicion of persistently chasing a vehicle and threatening to kill a man who was driving.
The suspect arrested on suspicion of intimidation is Miyahara Katsu (33), an unemployed man in Karaminato 4-chome, Kagoshima City.
According to the police, Miyahara is suspected of intimidating a 24-year-old man by persistently chasing a vehicle driven by a 24-year-old man on a national highway in Kagoshima City just after midnight on the 24th of this month and saying "I will kill you" at an intersection.
On the 25th, the man had filed a damage report and the police were investigating.on the afternoon of the 26th, Mr. Miyahara was arrested at the police station accompanied by a friend.
Suspect Miyahara has admitted to the charges and said that he was forced to "suddenly brake" on the motive.
The police are investigating suspect Miyahara was driving without a license.
News The contents of Keiichiro Koyama's daily meal are made public!
<Tokyo MX「Keiichiro Koyama's BORDER30」 (The Television ) - Yahoo!news
On September 27th (Friday), the third episode of the new health promotion variety "Keiichiro Koyama's healthy BORDER 30: a branch road to health led by a specialist doctor" (TOKYO MX) in which Keiichiro Koyama of NEWS serves as MC was broadcast.
Comments also arrived from Koyama, who finished recording.
[See image]
In order to stay healthy in the future, how to spend your 30s is important...Keiichiro Koyama learns about health!
This program is a "health program for young people" where Koyama learns what he wants to know about his health at the age of 35.
The program features specialists from a variety of fields who answer Koyama's and guests' questions.
The theme this time is "vitamins".
Guests Naoko Nozawa and Diana Extravaganza are invited to learn about the types of vitamins and how they work.
In addition, Koyama, who is always careful about his health, plans to release the contents of his daily meal to check if he has enough vitamins.
After the recording, Koyama commented, "I think that there are many people who do not seem to know how vitamins are related to their health, and I hope that this program will eliminate the misconception that you have about vitamins that you can not take only certain vitamins ! ."
Mr. Onsarigo Strengthened Nagai Elementary School Students to Become Pacemakers in Track and Field, and Three of Their Teams Breaked the Tournament Record|Yamagata Shimbun
Children run in the women's 800 meters.
On the left is pacemaker Joseph Onsarigo of Nagai City, Koyo Seiki Athlete Field Nagai
Nagai Municipal Elementary School Friendship Athletics Competition was held at Koyo Seiki Athlete Field Nagai (Municipal Athletic Stadium) in Nagai City on May 26. long-distance runner Joseph Onsarigo (27) of Nasu Corporation (Municipal Government) served as pacemaker for some of the races.
He set a new record for the three men's race with a light run.
Onsarigo led the pupils in four races: the men's 1000 meters and the women's 800 meters.
In the men's race, Chiya Koseki (6th grader Hirano) clocked 3:4.38, while Ransei Shigama (6th grader Isazawa) clocked 2:34.17 and Nozomi Asano (6th grader Nagai) clocked 2:35.73.
Mr. Koseki said, "It was hard to keep up with fast onsarigo players, but I was able to endure it."Mr. Shigama said, "Onsarigo called out to me, 'Pace up.'"
Onsarigo said, "The children ran well, and I was able to do a perfect job."
The contest was organized by Nagai City Elementary School Physical Education Promotion Association and others in order to deepen friendship among sixth graders in the city, and it was the 39th time.
Toshiyuki Nishida kicks jealous Mera Mera Nakao Akira as "different level" "I went to Kohaku three times" ( Sports Hochi ) - Yahoo!news
Actors Nishijima Hidetoshi (48), Nishida Toshiyuki (71) and Nakao Akira (77) gave opening remarks on the first day of the film "Ninkyo Gakuen" (originally written by Konno Toshi and directed by Kimura Hisashi) at Toho Cinemas Shinjuku in Tokyo.
It is a reformed humane comedy with a unique and strong cast.
Nishida not only appeared, but also performed an arranged version of "until we meet again" as an insert song in a tag team with the Tokyo Ska Paradise Orchestra.
Nakao says, "The most frustrating thing about watching the movie was that Nishida was singing."
As Nishida boasts, "I have appeared in "Red and White" three times in the past.if possible, I would like you to say that I am a singer rather than an actor.
And he promised to perform a live song, saying, 'If this movie's full house continues, at that time.'
State-of-the-art art that invites you to another worldOkayama Art Exchange Opens in the city center: Sanyo Shimbun Digital | Sandigi
People walk around the classroom where the film depicts the future 3,000 years from now. (former Uchiyamashita Elementary School)
The international art exhibition "Okayama Art Exchange 2019" held every three years in the center of Okayama City (organized by the executive committee created by the city, prefecture, etc.) opened on September 27.
Following the mysterious title "IF THE SNAKE If a Snake", art fans from Japan and abroad enjoy cutting-edge art created by 18 artists from 9 countries.
For the second time following 16 years, French artist Pierre Huigt was invited as artistic director to develop works that make use of Okayama's climate and regional resources.
Approximately 40 works including video and three-dimensional works will be shown at 13 locations including the former Uchiyamashita Elementary School (Marunouchi, Kita-ku, Okayama City) and the Tenjinyama Cultural Plaza (Tenjin-cho, Okayama Prefecture).
Prior to the opening, an opening ceremony was held at the same elementary school, attended by about 100 people related to the event.
Mayor Masao Omori, chairman of the executive committee, and general producer Yasuharu Ishikawa cut the ribbon, saying, "We have a collection of works that stimulate intellectual sensibilities and stimulate imagination and creativity, and I hope it will be an exhibition that attracts attention from around the world."
Families and schoolchildren who visited the school immediately watched a snake-shaped robot that wiggles in response to the sound of the surroundings in the dohyo of the schoolyard, and toured the school building that had been transformed into a stage for a video work depicting the world 3,000 years later.
I was enjoying the art that invites me to another world.
A 15-year-old high school student in Tokyo, who was traveling with his father, said, "The work that makes use of the atmosphere of the old school building is interesting, and it makes you imagine the time that went to this place."
It is closed on Mondays (or the next day if it is a national holiday) until November 24.
Hong Kong, Umbrella Movement: tens of thousands rally for universal suffrage in 5 years | Shizuoka Shimbun at S
Five years after the Umbrella Movement began, people gather at the rally site in Hong Kong, June 28 (KYOTO)
Hong KONG COOPERATION: tens of thousands of people rallied in a park near the Hong Kong government headquarters building in Admiralty on the 28th, five years after the Umbrella Movement, a mass demonstration calling for democracy in the 2014 election of Hong Kong's Chief Executive, broke out.
Around the venue, some young people occupied the main road and threw flame bottles at the government building.
Amidst the ongoing protests triggered by the proposed amendments to the Fugitive Offenders Ordinance, the participants renewed their resolve to fight for the realization of "genuine universal suffrage" that they had not been able to win at the time.
The protests, which began in earnest in June, lasted 112 days, more than the 79 days of the Umbrella Movement, and the demands of the demonstrators expanded to include the "Five Great Demands" such as electoral system reform.
Sports|Saga Shimbun News|Saga Shimbun LiVE
The 74th National Sports Festival "Ikiiki Ibaraki Yume National Sports Festival 2019" will be held on October 28 at the Kasamatsu Sports Park Athletic Stadium in Hitachinaka City, Ibaraki Prefecture.
The Saga Prefectural Team will compete in 33 competitions, excluding the pre-event competitions, with about 400 athletes and coaches taking pride in their hometowns as they take on the mighty teams from all over the country.
The prefecture had been sluggishly ranked 43rd for three consecutive years until the year before last, but rose to 33rd last year.
In preparation for the national sports competition to be held in the prefecture in 2023, the prefecture is also making progress, and this year it aims to be in the 20s and lower range.
Saga Girls' Senior High School for Rhythmic Gymnastics Boys and Girls and Saga Girls' Senior High School for Gymnastics Boys and Girls' Senior High School for Gymnastics Boys and Girls' Senior High School Boys and Girls' Senior High School Boys and Girls' Senior High School Gymnastics Boys and Girls' Senior High School Boy
I want to go with the flow of each event and aim to advance to the top.
At the General Opening Ceremony, a total of 83 athletes, coaches, and officers from the Headquarters marched to the 40th entrance, with rugby boy Kugo Ishikawa (Saga Koko) serving as the standard-bearer.
On the first day, three sports are held: wrestling, table tennis, and karate.
