Nana Suzuki, 2nd in the "hate woman ranking", confesses botched episodes such as "Body touch too rude" (The Television) - Yahoo!News
Nana Suzuki took the stage as "Shikujiri-sensei" in "Shikujiri-sensei, don't be like me! !" (every Monday night 0:20-0:50, TV Asahi) on Monday, September 30.
It shows an episode of blunders in the studio.
[View photo] Is the whole studio a draw?
Nana Suzuki demonstrates "Too rude body touch"
From 0:50 a.m., immediately after the terrestrial broadcast, the complete version of the class and the comedy club are broadcast on AbemaTV's 'Abema Video.'
In this broadcast, Suzuki appears as "a teacher who was hated by the world without knowing it if he tried his best" and gives a class.
Suzuki made her modeling debut in a gal magazine in 2007 at the age of 18.
Since his first appearance on a TV program in 2011, he has been active in livening up variety shows with high-tension talks and overreactions.
This year, in the first year of the Reiwa era, Suzuki won first place in the "variety and other category" of the "disliked woman ranking" published in a weekly magazine.
Furthermore, it is said that he was selected second in the entertainment industry as a whole.
As a result, Suzuki reveals that her mother was shocked and her husband was teased at work, causing trouble for his family.
How he got to the top of the "disliked woman ranking" in the class, looking back on Suzuki's progress as a talent.
It is said that the background of Suzuki's all-out talk and reaction was a word from a senior entertainer.
Furthermore, Suzuki escalated its extremeness not only with reactions but also with "all-out body touch" and "all-out jokes".
Although Suzuki demonstrated the body touch that he had done to his big-name co-stars in the past, everyone in the studio was shocked by his rudeness.
Immediately after the terrestrial broadcast, the complete version of the class and the comedy research department were distributed.
She candidly reveals hilarious episodes from the days of Suzuki's Galser (Gyaru's circle) and the "private secret story with her husband" that was exposed in order to liven up the scene.
Original "electronic gift certificate" as a thank-you gift Setouchi City added by hometown tax payment: Sanyo Shimbun Digital α-san Digital
Electronic gift certificate "e-Street Gift".
Payment is made by touching a special device.
Setouchi City announced on the 27th that it will add "e-Gai Gift," a unique electronic gift certificate, to the return gift of "Furusato Nozei" (hometown tax).
The card can be used at affiliated stores in the city from November.
It is said to be the first municipality in the prefecture.
If you pay the hometown tax and choose an electronic gift certificate as a thank-you gift, 30% of the donation amount will be sent to the designated smartphone.
At the time of purchase, the screen of the gift certificate is shown, and the store contacts a special stamp-type device for payment.
It cannot be transferred or resold.
Thank-you gifts usually require a certain amount of time from application to arrival, but electronic gift certificates can be received instantly.
Tourists can use it easily.
In addition to the five hometown tax payment portal sites, it is also accepted at two special sites of the city.
It currently has 13 member stores, and aims to have 100 stores by the end of this fiscal year.
In June, the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications established a new system to regulate local products by limiting the procurement amount of thank-you gifts to no more than 30% of the amount of donations, in order to prevent excessive competition among local governments.
The city says that it 'plans to have companies that handle local products as member stores, which is within the scope of the guidelines.'
The amount of hometown tax paid by Setouchi City in fiscal 2018 was about 430 million yen.
Japanese athletes fail to advance to the Men's 100 Finals on the second day of the World Championships in Athletics | Shizuoka Shimbun at S
Sanibrown Hakeem (left) starts the men's 100-meter semi-final.
Did not advance to the final = Doha (Kyodo)
Yoshihide Kiryu (left) crosses the finish line in the men's 100-meter semifinals.
Sanibrown Hakeem (University of Florida, USA), Yuki Koike (Sumitomo Electric Industries, Ltd.) and Yoshihide Kiryu (Nippon Life Insurance Co., Ltd.) were the first Japanese athletes not to advance to the men's 100-meter semi-finals on the second day of the track and field world championships in Doha on June 28.
Sani Brown, the Japanese record holder, finished fifth in the first group with 10.15 seconds, Koike finished seventh in the second group with 10.28 seconds, and Kiryu finished sixth in the third group with 10.16 seconds.
In the men's 400-meter steeplechase semi-finals, Koshun ABE (Yamada Denki) of Group 3 finished third in 48.97 seconds and Masaki TOYODA (Hodai) of Group 2 finished eighth in 50.30 seconds, both failing to advance to the final.
Driving in high heels is dangerous!
Many incidents of young people stepping on the wrong pedal (Auto Messe Web) - Yahoo!News
Violation of the Road Traffic Act
Reports of accidents due to wrong operation such as stepping on the wrong pedal are increasing and attracting attention, but it is a big mistake to think that it is a problem only for elderly drivers.
According to the number of accidental pedaling accidents by age group (2015 National Police Agency data), the most common age group was 1080 accidents involving people under the age of 24, with more than 1,032 accidents involving people aged 75 or older.
Missteps are not common among the elderly, and it is important to call attention to young people in the same way.
You want to dress your feet up?
Do you want to be safe?
There is no description of the gender ratio or the cause in this data, but unlike the elderly who are often thought to be due to physical deterioration such as driving skills and reflexes, young people may inadvertently make mistakes due to being distracted by other things such as music and conversation, or may make mistakes due to clothing.
In particular, some women choose various shoes depending on the clothes of the day, such as high heels, pumps, sandals, and mules, and drive as they are.
Some people say that it is troublesome to change shoes knowing that they are not suitable for driving, but there are many people who do not think about the possibility of danger at all and drive without bad intentions.
However, driving in high heels or sandals violates the Road Traffic Act.
One is "the reliable operation of the steering wheel, brakes and other operations" and Article 70 "violation of the duty of safe driving" which stipulates that "the driver shall not drive in a manner that causes an accident and injures a person."
The other is Article 71, 'violation of the matters to be observed by the Public Safety Commission,' which stipulates that the driver must comply with the matters stipulated by each prefectural Public Safety Commission, and for example, in the Bylaws for Enforcement of the Road Traffic Law of Miyazaki Prefecture, there is a sentence in Article 12, 'Do not drive a vehicle (except for light vehicles) wearing geta, slippers, tsukkake, high heels or other footwear that may interfere with driving operation, or wearing footwear in a manner that interferes with driving operation.'
Each prefecture has the same intention to regard driving with "footwear that may interfere with driving operation" as a violation, even if it is not specified as high heels.
So why is it dangerous to drive in high heels?
That's obvious when you consider the basics of pedaling safely.
For safe and secure pedal operation, first fix the heel of the foot to the floor, place the foot so that it is perpendicular to the brake pedal, and when stepping on the accelerator pedal, use it as a fulcrum and tilt the foot to the right.
At this time, regardless of the behavior of the car, it is important to keep the heel firmly fixed so that it does not shake.
However, with high heels, the area where the heel touches the floor is small and it is always wobbly, and because the whole foot is angled at the height of the heel, the area of the foot that touches the pedal is also small and it is difficult to step firmly, making it difficult to make fine adjustments.
This is considered to lead to danger.
Also, most cars have a floor carpet, but the heel of the high heel is easily caught in this material, and in the case of sudden braking, the heel is caught and the pedal can not step on, or the high heel is taken off at the time when the heel is caught, and it gets caught in the back of the pedal and becomes impossible to step on.
In addition, there are cases where, when returning after stepping on the pedal, the heel gets caught on the back side of the pedal and the accelerator pedal does not return.
Toyota to make Subaru an equity-method affiliate Accelerate joint development of new AWD vehicles and next-generation 86/BRZ models (response) - Yahoo!News
Toyota Motor Corporation and Subaru Corporation agreed on a new business and capital alliance on September 27.
Toyota will acquire additional shares of Subaru and make it an equity-method affiliate.
Since reaching an agreement on a business alliance in 2005, the two companies have been working together in areas such as Subaru's contract production of Toyota vehicles, Toyota's supply of vehicles to Subaru, and the joint development of the "86" and "BRZ" rear-wheel drive sports cars.
In June of this year, the two companies also agreed to work on the development of EV-specific platforms and vehicles that utilize Subaru's AWD (All-Wheel Drive) technology and Toyota's electrification technology.
Under the business and capital alliance, Toyota will acquire additional shares in Subaru.
The voting ratio of Subaru shares currently held by Toyota is 16.83%, but it will acquire additional shares until it reaches 20%.
Subaru will become an equity-method affiliate of Toyota.
On the other hand, Subaru will acquire Toyota shares equivalent to the amount required for Toyota to acquire Subaru shares (up to 80 billion yen).
The two companies have developed and strengthened their cooperative relationship through a business capital alliance.
It will promote joint development of AWD models and next-generation 86/BRZ models, expansion of the installation of THS (Toyota Hybrid System) in Subaru vehicles, cooperation in the connected field, and technical cooperation in the field of automated driving.
U.S. Sets Lowest Acceptance Limit for Refugees for Third Consecutive Year, 18,000 | Shizuoka Shimbun at S
Washington – The U.S. Department of State announced on the 26th that it will reduce the maximum number of refugees it will accept from around the world to 18,000 in fiscal year 2020 (October 2019 to September 2020).
The lowest number since 1980, when the Refugee Act was enacted, will be renewed for three consecutive years.
Looking ahead to next year's presidential election, the Trump administration aims to appeal its strict immigration and refugee policies to conservatives.
While many people are forced to leave the country in various parts of the country, it is inevitable that there will be criticism from human rights organizations.
The previous Obama administration set the upper limit for fiscal 2017 at 110,000, but the Trump administration, which was inaugurated in January 2017, reversed this and reduced the number to 50,000.
The number has been decreasing year by year, to 45,000 in fiscal 2018 and 30,000 in fiscal 2019.
Across-the-board Price Increase at Unauthorized Daycare Facilities? Free-of-charge, Confirmed by the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare: Hokkaido Shimbun, Doshin Electronic Edition
As cases that seem to be price increases taking advantage of government subsidies have been confirmed at non-approved childcare facilities ahead of the introduction of free early childhood education and childcare starting in October, the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare sent a written notification to prefectures and ordinance-designated cities nationwide by October 28 to see if there are any similar cases and provide guidance as necessary.
According to the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare, several facilities have confirmed that they will raise the usage fee only for children three years old and older who are eligible for subsidies, or that they will raise the price from October.
There were also complaints about the free-of-charge call center set up by the Cabinet Office.
The Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare says, 'There should be no price increase without a reason.'
D-8: The torch of the 100th National Sports Festival burns in Dokdo, South Korea (JoongAng Ilbo) - Yahoo!News
The torch announcing the 100th National Sports Festival (National Sports Festival) was ignited in Dokdo (Japanese name: Takeshima), the easternmost island of the Republic of Korea.
Seoul held a torch-lighting ceremony to commemorate the National Sports Festival at 6:30 a.m. on June 26 at the helicopter landing site of the Dokdo Guard in Ulleung-gun, Gyeongsangbuk-do.
It is the first time in 15 years that the Olympic flame has been lit in Dokdo since the 85th Games held in Chungbuk in 2004.
Following a kite-flying performance to pray for peace, Kim Sung-hwan, vice-chairman of the Seoul City Council, read out the declaration.
Vice-chairperson Kim said, "We stood in Dokdo to remember the past 99 years of the National Sports Festival and praise the strong will for national self-determination," adding that "100 years ago, our nation made a brilliant history of the March 1st Movement and the establishment of the government of the Republic of Korea, and we would like to add the 100-year history of the National Sports Festival to that history."
The greeting by the head of Utsuryo County also continued.
Kim Byung-soo, the head of Ulleung-gun, said, "Recently, Japan has been tightening its economy for no reason and insists that Dokdo is its territory," and stressed, "Through this national sports festival, all the people should unite and overcome this."
Then, Vice-chairperson Kim and the head of Kim County lit the torch together.
The torch was handed to the head of Seoul City's Sports Promotion Division Cho Seong-ho, who was in charge of the torch, and then to Dokdo Guard Captain Heo Won-seok and Oh Yosef, who were the first runners.
The torch-lighting ceremony on Dokdo Island was scheduled to be held on the 21st, but it was postponed to this day due to Typhoon No. 17.
Captain Heo Won-seok, who has been working in Dokdo since January this year, said, "It is lonely and hard, but I am working with pride that no one can defend our territory," adding, "I am honored to participate as a torch relay runner for the 100th anniversary of the athletic meet in Dokdo."
Captain Ho took over from the helicopter landing site to the middle of Dokdo Island, and Captain Oh took over from the halfway point to the pier.
The torch will travel to Ulleungdo Island, where it will be relayed to Seoul by Kim Sung-ho, a resident of Ulleungdo County, and Kim Gun-ju, the head of Ulleungdo County, at the Yeondo Bridge.
The torch started from Chamsongdan on Ganghwa Island on the 22nd.
Because it is the 100th time, the torch relay is also held on the largest scale in history.
The torch of the trench star platform of Mt. Manisan (Manisan) will go around Incheon (Incheon), Goyang (Goyang) and Suwon (Suwon).
The torch of Ganghwa Island will burn as one of the fireworks after it is lit at Seoul Plaza on the 29th of this month, along with special bonfires held in Imjingak, Marado, and Dokdo.
On the other hand, Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon explained in a media briefing on January 25 that "the power of collective intelligence is important now, not a few heroes," and that "for this reason, the basic concept of the National Sports Festival has been decided to be 'many stars.'"
South Korea-Bulgaria Summit Meeting to Discuss Measures to Expand Cooperation in Nuclear Power Plants, Defense Industries, etc. (Yonhap News) - Yahoo!News
According to Yonhap News, (SEOUL=Yonhap News) South Korean President Moon Jae-in met with Bulgarian Prime Minister Borisov, who is on an official visit to South Korea, at the presidential Blue House on Tuesday to discuss ways to substantially expand cooperation between the two countries.
This is the first visit to South Korea by a Bulgarian Prime Minister.
President Moon welcomed his visit to South Korea ahead of the 30th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations next year, and highly appreciated Prime Minister Borisov's leadership in leading Bulgaria's development.
The two leaders appreciated that trade and investment between the two countries have continued to increase despite the global expansion of protectionism, and agreed to make joint efforts to expand economic cooperation in the future.
President Moon welcomed Bulgaria's policy of granting "strategic investor" status to Korean companies and hoped that this would encourage Korean companies to invest in Bulgaria.
He also stressed that Korea can be the best partner for Bulgaria as the country promotes the introduction of nuclear power plants and the modernization of its national defense, and called for interest and cooperation so that Korean companies can participate in ordering nuclear power plants and promoting the defense industry of the Bulgarian government.
In addition, the two leaders agreed to strengthen future-oriented cooperation in the fields of electric vehicle (EV) batteries and auto parts and renewable energy.
Prime Minister Borisov also hoped for close cooperation in the fields of ICT (information and communication technology), science and technology, and education, in which South Korea is leading.
The peace process on the Korean Peninsula was also discussed, and President Moon expressed his appreciation for Bulgaria's support for the South Korean government's efforts for the consolidation of peace on the Korean Peninsula, including its statement supporting the inter-Korean and U.S.-North Korea summits.
Prime Minister Borisov appreciated President Moon's will to build a peace regime on the Korean Peninsula and the efforts of the South Korean government, and reiterated the firm support of the Bulgarian government.
The meeting was also attended by Sung Yun-mo, Minister of Trade, Industry and Energy, Lee Ho-sung, Chief Economic Secretary of Chongwadae, and Kim Hyun-jong, Deputy Director General of the National Security Office.
Jo Se-yeon, First Vice Minister of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, also attended on behalf of Kang Kyung-wha, Minister of Foreign Affairs during his visit to the United States.
Kinki Ceramics Co., Ltd., a manufacturer of Awaji tiles and a local industry in Awaji Island, Hyogo Prefecture, filed for quasi-bankruptcy with debts of approximately 2 billion yen (Imperial Data Bank) - Yahoo!
It was also affected by the fact that 'consumers are moving away from tiled roofs' due to the sluggish housing market and repeated earthquake damage.
Kinki Ceramics Co., Ltd. (TDB Company Code: 530173983, Capital: 99.2 million yen, 881-8 Otani, Awaji City, Hyogo Prefecture, Representative: Kozo Fukuhara, 44 employees) filed for quasi-self-bankruptcy with the Kobe District Court on August 30.
Daichi YOSHIDA (1-10-8 Nishitenma, Kita-ku, Osaka City, Osaka Prefecture; Daichi YOSHIDA Law Office; Tel: 06-6365-6038) and one other attorney represented the applicant.
Our company is a roof tile manufacturer established in June 1895 and reorganized as a corporation in April 1961.
At first, the company started its business under the trade name of Kinki Ceramics Co., Ltd. in Seidan-cho, Mihara-gun (present-day Minamiawaji City) as a manufacturer of ibushi-gawara tiles, a local industry in Awaji Island.
In October 1986, the company absorbed Kyowa Ceramics Co., Ltd. and took over the business of Kinki Sangyo Co., Ltd.; at the same time, it changed its name to the current company name and moved its head office to the current location.
After that, sales bases were established in Fukuyama City, Hiroshima City, Oita City, Miyazaki City, etc., and the current system was established, and the main products used to be ibushi-gawara tiles, but due to changes in consumer needs, western-style tiles such as hiraita-gawara tiles now account for 70% and Japanese-style tiles such as ibushi-gawara tiles for 30%.
It has built a wide-ranging business base centered in western Japan, including major house builders, building materials trading companies, and roofing contractors, and recorded annual sales of approximately 3,116 million yen in the fiscal year ended December 2004.
It was reasonably well known as the top tile manufacturer in Awaji-shima Island.
However, during this period, the housing market stagnated after the Lehman Shock, and consumers moved away from tiled roofs due to repeated damage from earthquakes such as the Great East Japan Earthquake and the Kumamoto Earthquake, resulting in sluggish demand, and annual sales for the fiscal year ended December 2018 fell to approximately 1,345 million yen.
On the profit side, in addition to a decline in profit margins due to the sharp rise in fuel prices, the company was in a continuous deficit with excessive interest-bearing debt due to inventory burdens and capital investment, and was forced to manage its finances in a severe manner.
For this reason, the company tried to rebuild its business by requesting financial institutions to ease the conditions for repayment of loans, but there was no sign of recovery in business conditions and its financial position gradually became tight.
When he came here, he gave up continuing the business because he could not support it, and it became a measure this time.
The debt is currently under investigation, but it is expected to be about 2 billion yen.
The Prefectural Dinosaur Museum in Katsuyama City, Fukui Prefecture, which is promoting the 'industrialization of tourism' (Japanese aerial photography, taken with a small unmanned drone)
Katsuyama City, Fukui Prefecture, announced on September 25 that it plans to acquire approximately 25,300 square meters of land (in Arado-cho, Fukui City) adjacent to the construction site of 'Dinosaur Valley Katsuyama,' a roadside station that will open next spring.
In order to accelerate the "industrialization of tourism" advocated by the city and the local business community, the city aims to attract lodging-specific hotels and restaurants.
A board member gave an explanation at the City Council's Special Committee for the Improvement of Visitor Centers on the same day.
In anticipation of the opening of the Hokuriku Shinkansen line in the prefecture in the spring of 2023, the opening of the entire section of the Chubu-Jukan Expressway in the prefecture, the extension and renovation of the Prefectural Dinosaur Museum (Katsuyama City) and the enhancement of its functions, the city plans to promote a shift from day-trip sightseeing to stay-at-home tourism, focusing on accommodation facilities.
The land to be acquired is a private idle land to the east of the Michi-no-Eki construction site.
It is surrounded by the Kuzuryu-gawa River, the Takinami-gawa River, and prefectural roads, and is more than twice the size of Michi-no-Eki (about 12,000 square meters).
In the name of developing the industrial complex, the City Land Development Corporation will proceed with land negotiations from this fiscal year, and after acquiring the land, it will develop the land in FY21.
According to the city, it has already been approached by private businesses such as farm-restaurant-cum-harvest experience facilities, fast-food restaurants, and restaurants.
As for accommodations, the city revealed that it has announced itself as a city to attract hotels specializing in accommodations adjacent to Michi-no-Eki (roadside station) planned by Sekisui House in various parts of the country.
Sekisui House plans to expand to three locations in Fukui Prefecture, but several other cities and towns have indicated their intention to invite Sekisui House, and there is a possibility of competition.
In addition, the city plans to develop parking lots and other facilities.
Some committee members called for speeding up, saying that "the maintenance schedule is slow" and "so that there is no land to fall asleep (unsold)."
Deputy Mayor Mikio Mizukami positioned the complex as 'an industrial complex with the theme of tourism' and said that he would do his best to attract hotels, saying, 'We would like to show the superiority of Katsuyama City by promoting the Prefectural Dinosaur Museum and Ski Jam Katsuyama.'
On the seventh day of the Fukui Prefectural Hokushinetsu Area High School Baseball Tournament in the fall, two semi-final games will be held at Fukui Prefectural Stadium on September 28.
It is an important game in which the winner gets a ticket to the Hokushinetsu tournament.
Tsuruga Kehi, the only one remaining in the seed school, came face-to-face with Hokuriku.
Tsuruga, who won a close game against Fukui Commerce in the quarterfinals, collides with Hamizu who is riding the momentum of this tournament.
Tsuruga Kehi, who appears in the first match, has won all the matches so far in the cold.
In the first round of the Battle of Asuwa, he was hit by a pitch and won easily.
In the second round against Takefu Kogyo, Naoki Kasashima, who was active in Koshien this summer, pitched and showed his dignity as an ace with nine strikeouts in five scoreless innings.
He also had 15 hits in the game against the Three Kingdoms in the quarterfinals, and was fully prepared to face Hokuriku.
[Team Introduction] Tsuruga Kehi - Koshien Battery Axis
Hokuriku, on the other hand, is gaining momentum with each match.
In the first round, he made a comeback against Fujishima at the end and escaped with a point.
In the second round, he shook off Yoshikata's catch up and won by one point.
In the quarterfinals, his batting line exploded, and he beat Seed Sakai with a cold.
The pitching is coming together, and I would like to get a ticket for Hokushinetsu with this flow.
[Team Profile] Hokuriku – Uchisen with Explosive Power
Tsuruga, who appears in the second game, has won by defending and winning baseball centering on the battery.
In the Battle of Wakasa in the first round, the pitching team stepped on and won by the fewest points.
He also conceded two goals in the second round against Takefu.
It was a close game of 10-9 against seed Fukui Commerce in the quarterfinals, but they should have strengthened their confidence by beating a strong school.
I want to snatch victory in the Battle of Hamizu by using solid defense as a weapon.
[Team Introduction] Tsuruga – A chance to win on the battery axis
On the other hand, Hamizu defeated the seeded Fukui Technical University Fukui in the first match.
Taking advantage of the momentum, he won a come-from-behind victory against Kanazu with a swing of the fourth batter from a difficult situation.
The mid-axis batting line, which the coach says "has destructive power", will also be the focus of attention in the semi-final.
[Team Introduction] Hamizu - Middle axis batting line with destructive power
Quarterfinals (September 28)
Tsuruga Kehi - Hokuriku (10:00 a.m.)
Tsuruga - Hamizu (0:30 p.m.)
Paid articles in which Japanese canoeists fail to advance to the semi-finals
Taekwondo, Takashi MATSUI is the second place paid article
BITPoint resumes service after leaking 3 billion yen worth of crypto assets (Gentosha Gold Online) - Yahoo!News
In July this year, BITPoint, a crypto-asset exchange, illegally leaked 3 billion yen worth of Bitcoin (BTC) and other assets.
The operator, Bitpoint Japan Co., Ltd., announced that it would resume sending (remitting) crypto-assets on September 30.
It seems that a certain goal has been achieved, including measures to prevent a reoccurrence.
BITPoint that leaked Bitcoin and Ripple in July this year
Bitpoint Japan Co., Ltd., the operator of the crypto-asset exchange BITPoint, announced on September 27 that it plans to resume its crypto-asset sending (remittance) service at around 14:00 on September 30 (Mon).
In addition to dealing with affected customers and communicating with the Financial Services Agency, it seems that certain measures, including measures to prevent a reoccurrence, such as a business management system including security aspects, are in sight.
Bitpoint Japan says, "While putting safety first, we will resume the service as soon as possible and strive to regain the trust of users."
In July this year, the exchange experienced an illegal outflow of crypto assets worth 3 billion yen, including Bitcoin (BTC) and Ripple (XRP).
In the subsequent press conference, regarding the continuation of the business, it was mentioned that "there is a cash balance of about 3 billion yen even after deducting compensation" and "We aim to resume service as soon as possible on the premise that user protection is the top priority."
This article was originally published on CoinPost on September 27, 2019.
Israel-born "Messi II" signs with the ninth club of his career (SPORT.es) - Yahoo! News
Guy Aslin, who joined Barça at the age of 12, was once referred to as "Messi II" due to his often excellent play and style.
Time passed and, at the age of 28, Guy Aslin joined a new team, the ninth club of his professional career.
A pearl of cantera buried in talent
At a time when Ansu Fatih is attracting the attention of those around him, there are many downfalls in the world of football and there is a very effective model for warning that "there is no need to rush".
A man of exceptional skill but lacking the luck needed to succeed, Aslin signed a two-year contract with Poli Iași in the Romanian First Division.
The team, whose colors are blue and white, is currently ranked fifth in the league.
Guy Aslin made his debut for Barça in the 2009/10 Copa del Rey against Cultural Leonesa at the young age of 18 years and six months.
However, at the end of the season he terminated his contract with Barça, and from there Aslin's long journey began.
He did not play for the same team for more than two seasons.
Manchester City, Brighton and Hove Albion (on loan from City), Racing Santander, Hercules, Mallorca, Hapoel Tel Aviv, Sabadell, Kairat Almaty and now Poli Iasi are the new clubs that have given the Israeli midfielder the opportunity to relaunch his career.
Thirty-five percent of municipalities strengthen their own safety measures in Famisapo , with free child care | Shizuoka Shimbun at S
Bereaved family members of a child-care accident (right) and others hold a press conference on the results of the Family Support Center Project at the Osaka Prefectural Government Office on the afternoon of March 27.
Thirty-five percent of municipalities that implement the Family Support Center Project (Famisapo), in which the government connects parents who want to temporarily take care of their children with support members who take care of them in private homes, are strengthening their own safety measures, according to a private survey conducted on January 27.
Before they will be eligible for free early childhood education and childcare from October, the bereaved families of childcare accidents are insisting that 'the government should set strict standards'.
The Network to Eliminate Serious Childcare Accidents, which is made up of parents and experts who have lost children in childcare accidents, surveyed 921 local governments.
Responses were received from 274 municipalities.
The National Implementation Outline only obliges aid members to take emergency life-saving training.
Darvish sums up this season "It is good in my life so far" (Higashi Spo Web ) - Yahoo!News
Departure from St. Louis, Missouri, on the 27th (28th Japan time)
After the possibility of playing in the playoffs disappeared, Cubs pitcher Yu Darvish (33), who finished pitching this season, said in an interview about his current state of mind, "I have not done anything for about two days, but it is boring to watch baseball (from the bench) without any purpose."
He was 6-8 with a 3.98 ERA in 31 starts this season, but he threw 178 2/3 innings with 229 strikeouts.
Especially in the latter half of the game, his pitching form stabilized, and he kept toying with the opponent's batters with his excellent control and overwhelming power.
"I'm definitely better now than I've ever been in my life. I'm 33 years old, and I never thought I'd feel that way. In the spring, I thought, 'I wonder if I'm going to end up like this,' but after coming back from that, I feel like I can't believe that I was able to get to a better position."
I gradually got a response from around the beginning of June.
"The more I could do every day, the more I could do one thing a day."
There was trial and error, but as he challenged his own hypotheses one after another, his condition improved dramatically, and his grades improved accordingly.
Being "thrown without being on the casualty list all year" also boosted his confidence.
Darvish, who has the right to opt out of his contract at the end of the season, said, "I've got to think about it, I've got to talk to my agent, I've got to talk to my family," but added, "Basically, I have no complaints about this team and I enjoy it."
He has not made a final decision, but he seems to have made up his mind.
Ren Yonezawa moves up to second place by one stroke Takumi Kanaya 12th / Asia Amateur (Golf Digest Online (GDO)) - Yahoo!News
Shibuno Hinako got a cow.
Blake Windred (Australia) took the lead with a five-birdie, four-bogey 71.
He defended his position with a total of 10 under par.
Ren Yonezawa (a sophomore at Tohoku Fukushi University) and Lee Joon-min (South Korea) tied for second, one stroke behind, with a six-birdie, one-bogey 67.
As for the other Japanese players, Arito KATSURAGAWA (a third-year student at Nihon University), who came out of ninth place, played in '70' and moved up to fifth place.
Amateur world No. 1 Takumi Kanaya (third-year student at Tohoku Fukushi University) and Keita Nakajima (first-year student at Nippon Sport Science University) are tied for 12th at 3-under.
Eishun Yoshihara (University of California, Los Angeles) was at 2-under 16th.
Kengo Aoshima (Wake Forest University) narrowly qualified in 9-over 59th place.
2T / - 9/ Ren Yonezawa 5T / - 5/ Arito Katsuragawa 12T / - 3/ Takumi Kanaya, Keita Nakajima 16T / - 2/ Eishun Yoshihara 59T/+9/ Kengo Aoshima
<Saga Heavy Rain and Support Circle> specialty Noodle "Taromen" Served at Evacuation Centers Management Association to Energize Disaster Victims | Saga Shimbun News | Saga Shimbun LiVE
Children enjoying Omachi's soul food "Taromen" on the way home from the bath = Omachi General Welfare Center Misato
The "Omachi Taromen Management Council" (representative: Kensuke Suzuyama), a shop that serves Omachi's famous "taromen" noodles, served "taromen" on the night of the 25th at the town's general welfare center, Misato, which serves as an evacuation center for victims of torrential rains.
It was a soul food that had been loved since the days of the Kishima coal mine, and it cheered up the victims of the disaster.
He started by saying, "The only thing we can do is to make taromen for people to eat."
Four restaurants with taromen on the menu cooperated to make 90 meals and brought them to the evacuation center along with onigiri (rice balls).
Thin udon noodles are placed in a ginger-flavored beef bone broth, and plenty of ingredients such as pork head, shrimp, and vegetables are placed on top.
He provided the "taste of Omachi" not only to those staying in evacuation centers, but also to those who came to the baths provided by the Self-Defense Forces.
A 66-year-old man who says, "I've been a fan since I was young, but it's been a year since I ate it, and it reminds me of the old days," and his 20-year-old and 22-year-old siblings who moved in about a year ago and said, "I ate it for the first time, it's delicious, and I want to go to the restaurant next time."
Vice President Kenichiro Fujise, who had finished cooking, rushed over and cheered him up, saying, "I will cooperate if there is anything I can do so that I can return to my daily life as soon as possible."
<One year since the Eastern Iburi Earthquake> securing water even in the event of a power outage Installing "water sprinkling faucets" directly connected to water pipes is progressing Condominiums in Hakodate: Hokkaido Shimbun Doshin Electronic Edition
Measures are being taken at condominiums in Hakodate City, where water was cut off due to the blackout caused by the Eastern Iburi Earthquake in September last year.
According to the Water and Sewerage Department of the Municipal Enterprise Bureau, in the year after the earthquake, seven condominiums installed "sprinkling taps" that can supply water even in the event of a power outage.
There are about 400 four-story or more condominiums and private condominiums in the city that are supplied with water in a "water tank type" that may be cut off in the event of a power outage, and the ministry is calling for consideration of countermeasures.
The water supply system for houses can be roughly divided into two types: the 'receiving tank type,' in which water is temporarily stored in a receiving tank located underground or on the roof, and the 'direct connection type,' in which water is supplied directly to each household from the city's water distribution pipe.
In the water tank type, even if the water pipe is not damaged, if the electric pump that draws water from the water tank to each house stops working due to a power failure, etc., it will not be able to supply water and each house will be cut off.
Training for distress (Aomori Prefecture) (Aomori Broadcasting System) - Yahoo!News
Ahead of the autumn mushroom-picking season, a drill to search for and rescue people in distress was conducted in Shingo Village.
Sixty people from the police, fire departments, and hunters' associations participated in the drill, which was held at Hirakozawa Forest Park in Shingo Village.
At the opening ceremony, Mr. Tsukeda, Chief of the Gonohe Police Station, called for close cooperation and training.
Chief Takahashi's declaration: "Mountain training and rescue training will now begin."
The training was conducted on the assumption that a man who went out to pick mushrooms would not return home at night.
The participants are divided into three groups and search the mountain while calling out the name of the missing man.
In Shingo Village, a man in his seventies who went into the mountains to pick edible wild plants in June went missing and was rescued injured the next day.
In the training, they found an injured man and put him on a stretcher to go down the mountain, confirmed cooperation from search to rescue, and prepared for the autumn mushroom picking season when distress is likely to occur.
Hidetoshi Nishijima, at a drinking party with the "Ninkei Gakuen" team?
First Day Greeting with Outstanding Teamwork (Movie Walker) - Yahoo!News
A stage greeting on the first day of "Ninkei Gakuen," a film adaptation of Satoshi Konno's popular novel series, was held on September 27 at TOHO Cinemas Shinjuku, and directors Hidetoshi NISHIJIMA, Toshiyuki NISHIDA, Atsushi ITO, Akira NAKAO, and Hisashi KIMURA took the stage.
Konno of the original story came as a special guest and said, "I love this movie! (played by Nishijima) Himura is cool in every cut and every scene, as long as I'm envious," showing great affection for the completed work, and the cast showed a happy smile.
[View Photos] Hidetoshi Nishijima's Drinking Party Revealed!
Stage greeting on the first day of "Ninkei Gakuen"
This is a poignant story in which the leader of the Akihon-gumi, a yakuza with an eye for social contribution, undertakes the reconstruction of a high school on the verge of bankruptcy and solves a number of difficult problems with a sense of duty.
Nishida plays the tough-looking but somehow lovable leader of the group, and Nishijima plays Himura, the number two member of the Akimoto group, who is always being pushed around by his boss.
Nishijima was overcome with emotion on the first day, saying, "I've always been nervous until today."
"not only during the shooting period, but also after the shooting was over, these members often got together and talked about various things, so it was a very cohesive team," he says, saying that they formed a strong bond.
Ito also laughed, "There was a review meeting, just a drinking party where I did not reflect at all," and revealed that he spent valuable time, "It was a plus for the site that I was able to make that kind of time. My teamwork improved and my motivation increased. It continued regularly even after it was over, and I have a lot of good memories."
In the story about the drinking party, Nishijima's unexpected true face was revealed.
Nishijima confessed, "When I was doing a review meeting with these members, I drank too much, and I often don't remember about half of it."
Nishida said, 'The other party doesn't know how drunk he is,' and he was impressed and said, 'You look sober, but were you drunk? I think it's a really good way to get drunk,' provoking laughter from the audience.
It became a work that fostered good teamwork, and Nishida said, "If the reputation is good, it may be made into a series. I would like to do my best to make it into a series with everyone's help", Ito said, "We are also full of enthusiasm to make it into a series", Nakao said, "I was frustrated because Nishida was singing when I saw the movie. If it becomes a series, I would like to sing next time", Director Kimura said, "I have already decided on a sequel," and received a big applause.
Prefectural Fishery Federation "Start discussion for full-scale operation" Chairman Nozaki Responds to Remarks on Ocean Release " Iwaki Minpo Official Website
Following the accident at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant of the Tokyo Electric Power Company (TEPCO), it was decided that discussions for full-scale operation of the fishery off the coast of Fukushima Prefecture would take shape on a district-by-district basis.
A meeting of union presidents of the Prefectural Fishermen's Federation (Federation of Fisheries Cooperative Associations) was held at the Prefectural Fisheries Hall in Chuodai-Iino on the 27th, and with the heads of unions in the prefecture in attendance, Chairman Satoshi Nozaki said, "As the Prefectural Fishermen's Federation, I think that a trend toward full-scale operation is necessary, and I would like them to gather their representatives and start discussions."
The union presidents' meeting also approved the official addition of Kasago, Sakuramasu, and Murasoi off the coast of Fukushima Prefecture, where the shipping restriction order has been lifted, to the list of fish species subject to test operations.
The remaining non-target marine products were two species of fish, Binosgai and Common Kasbe.
After the meeting, Chairman Nozaki gave an interview to the press and emphasized that the start date of full-scale operation had not been decided yet.
He said that "tasteful arguments are a problem, and the position against the release of water into the ocean will not change" with regard to the treated water after purifying the contaminated water from the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, and rebuffed the statements of Yoshiaki Harada, the former Minister of the Environment, and Ichiro Matsui, the mayor of Osaka City.
When discussing the full-scale operation, Akira Egawa, the president of the Iwaki City Fishery Cooperative, pointed out that 'it is necessary to gather opinions from the bottom' and said that he would respect the intention of the members.
The affiliated branches get together to hold a board meeting, solve the problems one by one, and come to a conclusion as the City Fishermen's Association.
"We need to have discussions not only with fishermen but also with middlemen," says Kanji Tateya, president of the Soma-Futaba Fishermen's Association.
Since seven new ships will come in next year with the support of the national government, the Soma-Futaba Fishermen's Association said, "It is important to return the catch first," and expressed its intention to proceed with the improvement of the environment in parallel with the discussion of full-scale operation.
Street Activities to Improve Driving and Smoking Manners Karatsu Tobacco Sales Cooperative | Town Topics | Saga Shimbun News | Saga Shimbun LiVE
Union members calling on drivers to drive safely: In front of Waseda Saga Junior and Senior High School in Tojo, Karatsu City
In conjunction with the 'Autumn Traffic Safety Campaign,' the Karatsu Tobacco Dealers Association held a street activity on the street in front of Waseda Saga Junior and Senior High School in Tojo, Karatsu City on the 26th.
About 10 people, including union members, participated in the rally and urged drivers to drive safely.
The participants handed leaflets and ballpoint pens to the drivers, saying, "Please drive safely."
In order to promote the prohibition of cigarette littering, he also gave a portable ashtray and appealed for the improvement of smoking manners.
"There are many accidents in the prefecture every year, and the number of reckless driving is increasing recently, so please keep good manners and drive carefully," said 80-year-old Fujio Kumamoto, president of the association.
Is there a fine line between beauty and ugliness?
What is the image of "snake" that overlaps with the beautiful girls in Kazuo Umezu's work (Magmics) - Yahoo!News
What do mysterious beauty and facial expressions harboring shadows have in common?
"Kazuo Umezu: Bishojo Collection" (Genkosha) was released in August 2019 focusing on the beautiful girls drawn by Kazuo Umezu, who is known as the leading figure of "horror manga" and has released numerous works since the 1950s.
When I pick it up and look at it, I am reminded of the correlation between "beauty" and "fear" in Kazuo Umezu's work.
[Image] Is it attractive because there is "shadow"?
Beautiful girls in the works of Kazuo Umezu (5 sheets)
In the preface of "Bishojo Collection", there was a sentence that "Fear and ugliness, shocking scenes and developments of the story stand out because of their beauty at the opposite extreme", but it may be that "fear" stands out more because there is a contrast such as a beautiful face distorted, turning into a grudge expression with a grudge ...
There is a keyword "snake" that often appears in Kazuo Umezu's works, but snakes are perceived as "spooky creatures" by people who see them, and some people feel that they are "beautiful."
There are people who like reptiles and people who don't like reptiles.
In this way, "snake" may be a creature in which "beauty" and "ugly" are two sides of the same coin depending on the sensibility of the viewer.
In addition, this creature has been revered as a creature with high spiritual power since ancient times, and the house where the "white snake" settled is said to be auspicious.
Works based on the "snake" appeared in the "I'm Afraid of Mama!" series in 1965, such as "Hebi Shojo" (The Serpent Girl) and "Madara no Shojo" (The Mottled Girl).
Generally speaking, a woman who becomes a "hebi-onna" is a beautiful woman with a shadow.
To put it in an exciting way, you could call it a "cool beauty" type ... ...I feel like that's what the beautiful girls who appear in Umezu works have in common.
Among them, "Orochi", the main character of "Orochi" serialized in "Weekly Shonen Sunday" from 1969, is a beautiful girl character that can be said to be representative of the Umezu work, but it goes into a deep sleep every hundred years to keep eternal life and eternal youth, and the part that has a mysterious power is somewhat reminiscent of a "snake".
Seven international students from Xavier High School paid a courtesy call on the mayor (Sanyo Onoda) | Ube Nippo This Town Media Web
Seven students studying at Xavier High School (principal Hideki Matsubara) paid a courtesy call on Goji Fujita, the mayor of Sanyo Onoda City, on the 26th.
The international students talked about what they wanted to do during their stay, and Mayor Fujita encouraged them to have a meaningful school life.
High school students (aged 15 to 17) from various countries visited Japan last month, taking advantage of the "Asia Bridge Project" subsidized by the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology.
Six girls from China, Cambodia, Mongolia, Thailand, Indonesia, and Malaysia live in the school's dormitory for eight months.
Turkish boys go to school for ten months while staying with a host family.
The international students who visited the city hall introduced themselves one by one in Japanese.
About his impression of the city, he said, 'When I take a walk, people I don't know greet me. It is a quiet and pleasant town.'
He also said, "I want to see Mt. Fuji while I'm in Japan."
She also mentioned that the girls living in the dormitory had opportunities to interact with their host families and were looking forward to volunteering at the library festival.
Mayor Fujita said, "I want you to actively gain a variety of experiences, and invite your friends and host families to participate in the city's Halloween event to be held at Onoda Sun Park next month."
State Minister Yamamoto deletes meal tweet The eve of the explanation of the cause of the helicopter crash | Shizuoka Shimbun at S
Tomohiro Yamamoto, State Minister of Defense, posted a comment with a picture of Kazuchika Iwata, Parliamentary Vice-Minister of Defense, and deleted it from his Twitter account.
By the 27th, Tomohiro YAMAMOTO, State Minister of Defense, deleted a Twitter comment he made when he had a meal at a yakitori (grilled chicken) restaurant in Saga Prefecture, saying, 'It's delicious.'
Yamamoto was in the prefecture on the 26th to explain to the local government the results of the investigation into the crash of an AH64D combat helicopter of the Japan Ground Self-Defense Force in the city of Kanzaki in February last year.
On the same night, he tweeted, "I came to Saga Prefecture on a business trip!"
He posted comments such as 'It's delicious,' along with a picture of Kazuchika IWATA, a Parliamentary Vice-Minister of Defense elected from the same prefecture, who was also at the meal.
In the accident, a girl in a house was injured and two crew members were killed.
The Yamamoto clan was elected to the House of Representatives four times and was elected proportionally in the southern Kanto region.
[Koshiyama Wakamizu] A circle of "children's cafeterias" that provide free or inexpensive meals to children is spreading across the country.
According to a survey conducted by a non-profit organization (NPO) and other organizations, approximately 3,700 activities were conducted nationwide this year.
It has rapidly increased by 1.6 times compared to 2018, and there are 24 locations in Fukui Prefecture, an increase of 9 compared to last year.
Why is it a children's cafeteria now?
Makoto Yuasa, the president of a non-profit organization and a social activist, spoke about the background and significance at a lecture held in Sakai City.
The area has become lonely due to the declining birthrate and aging population, and the shopping district has also declined.
There was no place for people to meet.
Therefore, 'there was a need for a regional hub for people-to-people interaction.'
Even though it is a children's cafeteria, it is a "place for multi-generational exchange" where elderly people also participate.
It leads not only to the elimination of eating alone, but also to child-rearing support and health promotion for the elderly.
Break the cycle of poverty and revitalize the community.
The important thing is not to create children who will be rejected.
It varies from once a month to a place that serves meals every day.
They range in size from a few to several hundred people, with venues ranging from private homes to temples.
An atmosphere is being created where people who want to do it can do it.
Such a low threshold is attractive.
However, it is difficult to secure operating expenses and staff.
We hear about issues such as safe management systems.
However, Mr. Yuasa says, "Values change by interacting with many people" and "Connecting with society can be a safety net in the event of a disaster."
It is like a ray of hope in a closed society.
On the last day of the Hokushinetsu Area High School Baseball Fukui Prefectural Tournament in the fall, the final game and the third-place game will be played at Fukui Prefectural Stadium (Fukui City) on September 29.
The final will be fought between Tsuruga Kehi, who is aiming to reach the top in the autumn tournament for the first time in four years, and Tsuruga, who is aiming to win the tournament for the first time in 36 years.
Tsuruga Kehi, a seeded school, won three games in a row from the first round.
In the semi-final against Hokuriku, ace Naoki KASASHIMA pitched a perfect game.
The batting line is good with 13 hits, and I want to support the pitching staff in the finals.
On the other hand, Tsuruga won from Noseed.
In the quarter-finals, he won a close game by one point, and in the semi-final against Hasui, he scored the first goal with a squeeze and escaped with 3-1.
We want to make sure we have chances to score in the final as well.
The third-place play-off for the remaining one spot in the Hokushinetsu tournament was between Hokuriku and Hamizu.
In Hokuriku, the bases and bunts were out of order at the beginning of the semi-final, but they would like to recover in the third-place game.
On the other hand, Hamizu attracted the attention of this tournament by defeating the powerful Fukui Institute of Technology.
It will be interesting to see if they can beat Hokushinetsu in the third-place game.
Matches on September 29
Nara Prefectural Baseball Stadium 3rd Place Game Hokuriku – Hamizu (10:00 a.m.) Final Tsuruga Kehi – Tsuruga (1:00 p.m.) * Scheduled to start
Shinetsu AKIHOKU for the first time in 21 years after Tsuruga went under water.
Tsuruga Kehi beats Hokuriku to win the Hokushinetsu ticket
Rugby Japan, the 8th highest paid article ever
Basketball Japan Women Advance to the Asian Cup Final Paid article
Sharp home appliances, Yoshimoto entertainer PR Comedy Grand Prix in Osaka | Shizuoka Shimbun at S
The comedy duo 'Himekoron' won the 'Sharp PR-1 Grand Prix' in Osaka City on the 27th.
The final of the 'Sharp PR-1 Grand Prix,' a contest to determine the entertainer who can best introduce Sharp's home appliances, was held in Namba, Osaka, on March 27.
It is held jointly by Sharp Corp. and Yoshimoto Kogyo Co., Ltd., and preliminaries have been held since July.
It is a strategy to convey the appeal of the product through professional storytelling and get comedy fans to like Sharp's home appliances.
The final was held at Yoshimoto Manzai Theater.
About 250 spectators watched the battle of the remaining four groups out of about 200.
The winner, "Himekoron," is a young duo who have often introduced Sharp products at mass retailers in Ehime Prefecture.
He eerily conveyed the advantages of air conditioners and made the audience laugh.
Sotetsu Sagami Otsuka Station Series 7000 and Series 12000 photo session (Tetsudo.com) - Yahoo!News
Sagami Railway, as a commemorative event of the opening of the Sotetsu and JR direct line, "November 30 to Sotetsu and JR mutual direct! 7000 series and 12000 series photo session in Sagami Otsuka" was held.
The event is held on the premises of Sagami-Otsuka Station.
In addition to the photo sessions of Series 7000 and Series 12000, the cars of Series 7000 are open to the public, last-run commemorative goods of Series 7000 are sold, and commemorative admission tickets are sold.
The sale items (prices) of commemorative goods are metal key chain (700 yen), can badge (450 yen), clear file (300 yen), etc.
The number of sales is limited to 500 key chains, 300 can badges, and 1,000 clear files.
Eight new models of "Air Force 1" such as NBA collaboration and models equipped with "Gore-Tex" appear all at once (WWD JAPAN.com)
"Nike" will release eight new models of "Air Force 1", which has been popular as a sneaker representing the brand since its release in 1982, sequentially from October.
Three of the eight models are for women, and have been updated based on her experience with "The One Reimagined" (released in 2018), a collection that redesigns sneakers from a woman's perspective, as Nike Women's Footwear Senior Creative Director Georgina James says, "Women are diverse and want something different and unique."
[Image] Eight new models of "Air Force 1" such as NBA collaboration and models equipped with "Gore-Tex" appear at once
In collaboration with the NBA, the "Air Force 1 NBA Pack" comes in two types: low-cut and high-cut.
The low cut is based on the NBA colors of red, yellow, black, and navy, and the high cut is developed in the uniform colors of three teams including the Los Angeles Lakers.
In addition to the NBA logo on the heel and shoe tongue, satin fabric is used at the back of the upper, and the swoosh has a bicolor design for the first time.
The price is 13,200 yen including tax, and it will be released on October 1.
"Air Force 1 Swoosh Pack" is designed with Swoosh letters and logo everywhere as it is.
It is noteworthy that the shoe tongue part, which should have been decorated with the brand logo, has been changed to a special "SWOOSH" character.
Using shadow as a source of inspiration, "Air Force 1 Shadow" is characterized by making each detail, including the side swoosh, double like a shadow.
While the outsole is thicker and taller than the original, it has succeeded in reducing weight by hollowing out the center, which is pleasing to women.
The price is 13,200 yen including tax, and it will be released on October 3.
The real culprit behind the drone attack on an oil facility in Saudi Arabia (FRIDAY) - Yahoo! News
"The performance of the Iranian-made drone 'Ababir' used in this bombing has improved dramatically in recent years by analyzing a downed U.S. military drone.
It can be manufactured inexpensively and has a range of about 1000 km.
Because it flies at a low altitude, it is difficult to be caught by radar, which is another advantage." (Toru Yokota, press photographer)
On September 14, the oil facilities of Saudi Aramco, the largest oil company in Saudi Arabia, were bombed by ten military drones.
Soon after, the Houthis, a rebel group in Yemen, claimed responsibility for the attack.
"There is no doubt that behind the Houthis is President Rouhani's Iran, which cannot allow its adversary Saudi Arabia to profit from its oil when it cannot export it, and wants to let the international community know that it will suffer if it continues its oil embargo against Iran," said Izuru Sugawara, an international political analyst.
In the wake of the bombing, as much as half of Saudi Arabia's oil production was halted, and oil prices soared by 15%.
Some say that if the situation continues as it is, the oil shock will come again.
"Now that Trump has pledged to withdraw U.S. troops from the Middle East and wants to avoid military intervention by any means, at least until after next year's elections, Iran will continue to carry out drone strikes under the cover of the Houthis, but it is intolerable for the U.S. There is a good chance that Trump will decide to attack Iran in the future" (Mr. Sugawara)
The "proxy war" between the United States and Iran is in a touch-and-go crisis.
The reason why a super individualistic YouTuber was able to become a full-time employee.
Ask the president who hired you (bizSPA!
Delivered at 8:47 on 9/27 (Fri.)
He is now a hugely popular YouTuber, especially among young people.
It is not uncommon for companies to hire a YouTuber and use it to advertise their products, but there is a company that has started an unusual system called "YouTuber recruitment" in which a YouTuber is hired by the company as a full-time employee.
It is Direct Marketing Mix Co., Ltd. (DmMiX), whose main business is corporate CRM (customer relationship management).
What does it mean to "adopt a YouTuber"?
We spoke with Yuki Kobayashi, the CEO of DmMiX, who also serves as the representative of Staff First, the subsidiary where the YouTuber was actually hired.
I want to support young people who are working hard to hire YouTubers
In the first place, what kind of mechanism is "YouTuber recruitment"?
Yuki Kobayashi (hereinafter referred to as Kobayashi): Nowadays, the profession of YouTuber has become an aspiration of many young people.
It is also ranked high in the ranking of occupations that elementary school students want to take in the future, and it is likely that more and more young people will aim for it in the future.
In the past, we have recruited and supported young people who are pursuing their dreams, such as bandsmen and comedians.
In the same way, "YouTuber recruitment" aims to recruit and support young people who are pursuing their dreams of becoming YouTubers.
There is an image that YouTubers are individuals who voluntarily post videos, but why did you decide to "adopt" them?
Kobayashi: While many young people aspire to become YouTubers, the reality is that most YouTubers don't make as much money as they expected.
There are many creators who produce and post videos while working part-time, and creators who are not recognized as YouTubers by their families.
In this initiative, we will provide hired creators with a salary and an environment for content creation.
We think that we will support activities by supporting the disadvantages of the profession of YouTuber, who will inevitably be in an unstable position at first.
Environmental Girl "Fighting for a Safe Future" Protests Around the World, for the Second Consecutive Week | Shizuoka Shimbun at S
Greta Thunberg (center) and others take part in a protest in Montreal, eastern Canada, on March 27. (Reuters = Kyodo)
New YORK (Reuters) - Greta Thunberg, a 16-year-old Swedish girl campaigning against global warming, took part in a protest in Montreal, eastern Canada, on Tuesday, stressing that she will "continue to fight for a safe future."
Protests by young people on this day were held not only in Asian countries but also in Europe, the United States, and other parts of the world.
The large-scale protest in response to Greta's call continued on the 20th for the second week in a row.
Greta met with Canadian Prime Minister Trudeau on the 27th.
Mr. Trudeau, who regularly appeals his enthusiastic stance on global warming, also participated in the march.
But after the meeting, Ms. Greta was blunt about Mr. Trudeau, saying, "He's clearly not doing enough."
"I hope South Korea will return to GSOMIA" Acting U.S. Assistant Secretary of State (Sankei Shimbun) - Yahoo! News
Napper, acting U.S. assistant secretary of state for South Korea and Japan, said in an exclusive interview with the Sankei Shimbun at the U.S. ambassador's residence in Tokyo on November 27 that he hopes South Korea will reconsider its decision to revoke the Japan-South Korea Comprehensive Security of Military Information Agreement (GSOMIA), which expires on November 23.
It is unusual for a senior U.S. official to refer to the abandonment and reconsideration of GSOMIA.
GSOMIA is concluded by Japan and South Korea, Japan and the United States, and the United States and South Korea, respectively, and serves as a basis for sharing information on missile launches.
South Korea announced in August that it would cancel the agreement with Japan, and if it expires, the framework for protecting military information in Japan and South Korea will collapse.
Napper argued that "we cannot respond effectively to a crisis without GSOMIA."
He strongly urged the reinstatement of South Korea, saying, 'There is time until the expiration.'
Regarding the joint flight drill conducted by China and Russia over the Sea of Japan in July, he recognized the threat as "the first time in history" and appealed that "it is essential for the U.S., South Korea and Japan, which share values such as democracy and human rights, to work together in the alliance."
He pointed out that the recent deterioration in relations between Japan and South Korea "hurts the national interests of the United States."
"There is no intention to mediate," he said, "Japan and South Korea will play a positive role to bridge the gap."
(Yusuke Hirata)
Tokaimura Criticality Accident: 20 Years in 30 Days 300 Troubles at Nuclear Facilities: Hokkaido Shimbun Doshin Electronic Edition
On March 28, it was revealed in an interview with the Secretariat of the Nuclear Regulation Authority that there were 336 reports of accidents and breakdowns at nuclear power-related facilities across the country from fiscal 2000 to fiscal 2018, the year following the criticality accident in Tokai-mura, Ibaraki Prefecture, which resulted in the first death from radiation exposure in Japan's nuclear power history.
It has been 30 days and 20 years since the criticality accident that alarmed the myth of safety in the nuclear power industry.
Although about 90 percent of the cases were not assessed as level 0 (not important in terms of safety) on the International Assessment Scale (INES), which indicates the level of severity, a constant increase in safety awareness is required in light of the lessons learned from this accident and the accident at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Station of the Tokyo Electric Power Company (TEPCO) in 2011.
Koichi Soda, who completed the story and original drawings of the original picture book, is collecting donations for its publication in Echizen City, Fukui Prefecture, on September 18.
In order to promote town development that makes use of picture books, Koichi Soda, 64, an artist and a member of the local revitalization team of Echizen City in Fukui Prefecture, started a crowdfunding campaign to collect donations on the Internet with the aim of publishing creative picture books inspired by legends in the prefecture.
Mr. Soda, who is from Hokkaido and started activities as a member of the JOCV in April this year, is enthusiastic, saying, "I want to convey the compassion of the people of Fukui, which is based on deep faith, through picture books."
[Donation is here] To convey the heart of Fukui.
While Mr. Soda was active as an artist working on contemporary art using mathematics as a motif, he was also active as a member of the JOCV after his 60th birthday.
After being involved in urban development in Nagano, Kumamoto, and Tochigi, he took up his new post in Echizen City in April this year.
Named after the city that produced Satoko Kako and Chihiro Iwasaki, it aims to create a town that makes use of picture books.
After living in the city, Mr. Soda said, "I was surprised at the depth of compassion around me that I could understand for the first time."
What caught my attention was the legend of Awara City, "Yome-odoshi no Oni-no-men."
The story is about a mother-in-law who can no longer take off her demon mask, while her kind-hearted daughter-in-law continues to chant nenbutsu (Buddhist invocation) to help her mother-in-law without worrying about being surprised by the mask.
"Forgetting hatred and returning it with kindness and kindness, I felt the origin of the piety and kindness of the people of Fukui" (Ms. Soda).
Mr. Soda, who got a hint, repeated interviews for the original picture book, such as visiting Yoshizaki Gobo in Awara City soon after his arrival, and completed the story "Meo and Oni" featuring a kind-hearted ogre couple and a boy.
From June, he made use of his full-time job to draw 10 scenes with warm watercolors, and the material for the picture book was complete.
Furthermore, the cover of the picture book will be made of Japanese paper using Echizen washi, a traditional craft that is still alive in Echizen City.
It leads to opportunities for parents and children to enjoy the texture of Japanese paper through storytelling and so on.
The goal of the donation is 850,000 yen toward the publication of 600 copies.
The deadline is October 25.
Mr. Soda said, "The spirit of Fukui, which has been nurtured under the historical Buddhist culture, can be proud of all over Japan.
I want to convey the true kindness and compassion that has been handed down to children through picture books."
It is one of the projects in which Fukui Prefecture recognizes 11 projects for regional revitalization undertaken by the Japan Overseas Cooperation Volunteers and businesses in the prefecture and supports them by making use of furusato nozei (hometown tax).
The Fukui Shimbun provides information, and the Fukui Bank provides management support.
Donations can be made through the crowd-funding site Lady Four.
Rugby class for children in Niigata City (Niigata Prefecture ) ( TeNY TV Niigata ) - Yahoo!News
A rugby class for children was held on the 28th in Niigata City to familiarize them with rugby, which is attracting attention due to the hosting of the World Cup in Japan.
The "First Rugby Class" was held on the 28th at the Toriyano Sports Park Stadium in Niigata City.
At an event held by the Niigata City Rugby Football Association to make children familiar with rugby, 28 children from 3 to 12 years old participated and experienced the basics of rugby such as tackling and passing.
A boy who participated said, "It seemed to be fun when I first saw rugby on TV, and it was fun to join forces."
The "First Rugby Class" is scheduled to be held on October 19.
Ahead of the consumption tax hike, last-minute customers one after another Retail stores in Okayama Prefecture, special price sale: Sanyo Shimbun Digital α-san Digital
The sales floor of the Bic Camera Okayama Ekimae store, where sales of large home appliances are strong before the tax increase
From 8% to 10%On the 28th, the last weekend before the consumption tax hike, families rushed to buy at electronics stores and supermarkets in Okayama Prefecture one after another.
There are home improvement stores that develop special sales areas with the aim of buying in bulk, and suit stores that sell winter clothing ahead of schedule, and each store is making efforts to promote sales.
BIC Camera Okayama Ekimae Store (Ekimae-cho, Kita-ku, Okayama City) is holding a sale with a special price for a limited period until the 30th.
"Even though it's 2 percent, if it's expensive, you can't overlook the difference," said a 37-year-old office worker from the city who came to the store looking for a refrigerator.
According to the store, sales of large home appliances such as televisions, washing machines, and refrigerators have increased since the beginning of September, and sales have nearly doubled from the previous year.
"The last-minute demand is more than expected, and in the latter half, customers who want high-priced items stand out" (person in charge).
The sale titled "Disposal of the financial settlement just before the tax increase" will be carried out by suit seller Haruyama Shoji Co., Ltd. (Omote-cho).
The coats have been on sale since early September, a month earlier than usual, and this month's sales are said to have increased by 10% compared to the previous year.
A 19-year-old company employee (Asakuchi City) who visited the Kurashiki store (Hakuraku-cho, Kurashiki City) to buy a suit to wear for the coming-of-age ceremony said, "The ceremony is still ahead, but I want to buy it before the tax increase."
With this tax increase, the tax rate on food and beverages will remain unchanged under the reduced tax rate system, so home improvement stores and supermarkets will focus on daily necessities and alcohol.
At the home center, TIME Takaya Store (Kanemoto, Naka-ku, Okayama City), there is a special corner loaded with large-capacity detergents and tissues near the entrance.
Sales of daily consumables increased by 1.6 times compared to the same month of the previous year, "If you do not replenish it many times a day, it will run out" (Seiya Shimizu, store manager).
A 63-year-old civil servant from the same city who visited the store was buying kitchen paper in bulk, saying, "I'm going to buy it anyway, so I'll take this opportunity."
Tenmaya Happy Town Okanan Store (Chikko Shinmachi, Minami Ward, the same city) will also install wagons loaded with detergent, toilet paper and disposable diapers in the event hall.
A 35-year-old office worker in the city said, "If you receive points for cashless payments, the burden will hardly change, so you won't rush to buy daily necessities."
2019 Coach of the Year Klopp honors his greatest adversary ( SPORT.es ) - Yahoo!News
Jürgen Klopp, who won the Best Director award for The Best, reflected on his career in an interview and commented on the current situation.
Among the many statements that shocked the public was that of Pep Guardiola, the manager of Manchester City, his main rival for the Premier League title.
Neymar's best friend Alves: "His happiness is still in Barça ..."
After the award ceremony for The Best, the German claimed: "I couldn't have imagined anything better, I'm very happy, I'm proud to have won this award, it's been a great few days for me, I won it because of my players, the most important thing is the team."
Regarding Guardiola, Klopp said he had "a lot of respect for him" and said: "What can I say about him?He's won a lot of trophies, the way his team plays is exceptional, he's the best manager I've played against and it's an honour to be nominated and compete for an award with him."
He also mentioned managers Pochettino and Tottenham.
"his last year was incredible, in many cases he wouldn't be remembered if he didn't win the title, he built the team little by little and played in great style."
Klopp was undeterred about his best moment of 2019: " (CL) The comeback against Barcelona, many pundits and myself wouldn't have bet a centimetre on us, a 3-0 behind against a team with Messi and Suarez... it's like a death sentence, we had a small chance and we took it, I couldn't believe it, in retrospect you could say we won the European Cup, this game will be remembered by everyone."
Asked a more personal question at the end, Klopp concluded: "When I celebrated winning the Bundesliga, I woke up on a bench and I didn't even know where I was, this time it didn't happen, I don't like to get drunk because I'm a person who suffers from an obsession with self-control, I celebrated winning the European Cup very sparingly, I remember it all, if I put everyone in front of me, I might be able to tell everyone from the bus."
Special specification cars introduced from craftsmanship to state-of-the-art technology appeared in Lexus LC and IS (WEB CARTOP ) - Yahoo!News
It is finished in a special one that further enhances the style and taste
Lexus will release special edition models of the luxury coupe "LC" and the sport sedan "IS" on October 1.
[Photo] Interior of Lexus LC with outstanding quality
The special edition cars were developed based on the concept of 'CRAFTED.'
CRAFTED embodies the desire to think about a person with the Japanese aesthetic sense cultivated in rich nature and history, and the sensitivity to perceive ambiguous things that are sought without words, and to create a new experience that shakes the mind by making full use of all methods from craftsmanship to cutting-edge technology.
LC's special specification car "PATINA Elegance" is based on the LC500/LC500h, and adopts Lexus' highest grade genuine leather L-ANILINE seat that balances durability while making use of softness and natural texture, and genuine leather steering using premium leather with soft touch.
It was finished as a model that further enhanced the style and taste.
L-ANILINE carefully selects only the raw skin of the highest grade, and realizes softness with a long-term softening process and a color coat aiming for a thin coating by our original technology.
It improves the sitting comfort that wraps the body and the fit while running.
Premium leather is also used for the steering wheel, so that the quality can be felt on the skin.
In addition, it is specially equipped with an Alcantara roof, a laser-etched scuff plate with a beautifully overlapping L-shaped motif, and a color head-up display.
The interior adopts a combination color of bright patina brown exclusively for special edition cars and gorgeous brown arranged on the door trim, genuine leather seats and seat belts.
In addition, the stitching uses two colors of light brown and dark brown with different degrees of lightness, and combines it with a carefully selected texture to express a high-quality and deep space.
There are three body colors: Terrain khaki mica metallic set exclusively for special edition cars, sonic titanium, and graphite black glass flakes.
I want to use a sidecar.
According to Apple, the new OS, macOS Catalina, will be released in October.
The specific date has not been revealed, but it may be released on October 4th.
[View all images] The release date of macOS Catalina may be October 4th.
The image above was posted on Apple's site in Denmark (now corrected).
The image certainly has the words "from October 4th (fra den 4. oktober ) ".
If it is an official site, the accuracy of the information seems to be high.
By the way, the feature that I personally want to try the most in macOS Catalina is "Sidecar".
This is a function that treats the iPad as a sub-display of the Mac, and it is a function that was previously realized with third-party applications.
And since Sidecar is a genuine function of Apple, it is expected to be superior in completeness (and response).
There are rumors of the next MacBook Pro with a 16-inch display, but first we want to fully experience this next generation of macOS.
Sakura shrimp in the growing process PT, such as Shizuoka City, photographed at a depth of 290 meters | Shizuoka Shimbun at S
Sakura shrimp born this year were successfully photographed in the deep waters of Suruga Bay on the 11th, off the coast of Kanbara, Shimizu Ward, Shizuoka City. (courtesy of the "Yui Sakura Ebi Project")
The "Yui Sakura Shrimp Project" of the Marine Industry Cluster Council, consisting of industry, academia, and government, including Shizuoka City, recently succeeded in photographing sakura shrimp, which are believed to have been born during the spawning season in the spring and summer of this year, at a depth of 290 meters in Suruga Bay.
The video of the growth process is valuable, and the people concerned hope that it will lead to the elucidation of the ecology of sakura shrimp, which has many mysteries.
The photograph was taken near the bottom of the sea about 1.5 kilometers off the coast of the Kanbara district of Shimizu Ward in the same city.
A total of about 300 were confirmed in 17 minutes.
Previous findings that sakura shrimp, which live in the deep sea during the day, "form groups to some extent at the bottom of the sea" are once again supported.
The adult was about 40 mm long, and the individual in the image was about 23 mm long.
The spawning season was identified by comparing it with the seasonal data of landed sakura shrimp.
Detailed analysis is requested from Fujitsu Software Technologies and Shizuoka College of Industrial Technology, which make up the team.
"We want to capture the living state of individuals in the growth process, including juvenile shrimp," says Keisuke Mizuno, the project leader.
Mother Farm Reopens, Free for Chiba Residents Until the End of October, Damaged by Typhoon | Shizuoka Shimbun at S
Chiba Prefecture's mascot character "Cheeba-kun" greets visitors at the reopened Mother Farm in Futtsu City, Chiba Prefecture, on the morning of May 28.
Mother Farm in Futtsu City, Chiba Prefecture, which had been closed since the 9th due to power outages and damage to facilities caused by Typhoon Hagibis, resumed operations on the 28th.
In order to liven up the disaster-stricken areas, admission is free for residents of Chiba Prefecture until the end of October.
Under a clear autumn sky, many people visited the park as soon as it opened, and the prefectural mascot "Cheeba-kun" welcomed them at the entrance gate.
The roofs are covered with blue sheets and some facilities are still being repaired, but half of the restaurants have managed to reopen.
Kenji Mitani, a 34-year-old company employee from Sagamihara City, who visited with his family, said with a smile, "I was worried about when it would reopen, and I came looking forward to the potato digging event, hoping that it would lead to reconstruction."
Zendo Igo Big Four Decided: The Hokkaido Shimbun, Doshin Electronic Edition
The 69th Zendo Go Championship (sponsored by the Hokkaido Shimbun Co., Ltd.) started on the 28th at the Hokkaido Shimbun Co., Ltd. in Chuo Ward, Sapporo City.
Thirty people participated in the competition for the top amateurs in Hokkaido, and the best four appeared.
The semi-finalists were Tetsuya Asano (48) from the Sapporo area, Hideyuki Taguma (52) from the Sapporo area, Takuji Tomita (72) from the Asahikawa area, and Mamoru Takausu (75) from the Kitami area.
Kazuya Takasu (49), who won the tournament the previous year, was narrowly defeated in the quarterfinals by Asano, who has won the tournament a record eight times.
The youngest contestant in the tournament's history, Yuya Shinoda (8) from the Sapporo district, lost in the first round to last year's runner-up Kazutoyo Arai (75) from the Obihiro district.
Arai was defeated in the next two rounds.
On the 29th, the semifinals and finals of Zendo Igo started at 1:30 p.m.
The 26th Zendo Women's Go Championship is held from 10 a.m.
The venue was Hokkaido Shimbun Co., Ltd. (Odori Nishi 3).
(Yasutoshi NAKAMURA)
[the first half of the Bud Olympics race] Kento Momota, the world champion, and Zhou Tiancheng, who is doing well, are one step ahead!
<Men's Singles> (Bud x Spi!
The Japanese national team, which won six medals at the 25th World Championships (Basel, Switzerland), a big badminton event held in August, completed a training camp in early September and will participate in the China Open (Changzhou/Super 1000) starting from the 17th.
Here, we look back at the first half of the season from May to August, when the Olympic race to qualify for next year's Tokyo Olympics began, and look ahead to the men's singles matches in the middle of the season (September to December) (Text / Badminton Magazine Editorial Department).
The badminton Olympic race, which started in May, has digested the four top tournaments (Super 500 or higher) in which the top players compete at the end of the world championships.
The two players who performed well in the first half of the season were Kento Momota, who won two of the four tournaments, and Zhou Tiancheng of Taiwan.
Momota won the world championship and Zhou Tiancheng won the Indonesia OP (S1000), a tournament that can earn high points of "world ranking points", which is directly connected to the Olympic race.
Momota also won the Japan Open (S750).
The team has participated in four tournaments since May: the Sudirman Cup (May/China), the Indonesia Open (July/results 16 strong), the Japan Open (July), and the World Championship (August).
Although the number is small compared to other top players, it is a schedule that reduces the burden on the body.
August was only one tournament of the world championship, so the fatigue will not be greater than the time of the consecutive games.
A good result is required in the middle of a series of high-level tournaments after September.
He is a Taiwanese ace who is strong in consecutive fights.
Pay attention to young people in Thailand!
Zhou Tiancheng, who also won the top tournaments of Indonesia OP and Thailand OP (S500), has already participated in seven tournaments.
He also participated in the local Taipei OP (S300) at the beginning of September and won the championship.
In addition to being physically strong from the beginning, he is a player who does not suffer from consecutive games.
Even if the tournament continues, there is no major problem with the performance of the game.
Rather, scoring high points in the first half would have made it easier to adjust the schedule for future tournaments.
Zhou Tiancheng had an impression that he lacked explosive power until last year, but this year he has become more stable on the playing surface, so he can continue to perform well.
Momota, who is ranked No. 1 in the world, is likely to be a more difficult opponent than ever.
In addition to these two players, Thailand's young ace Kantaphon and India's Sai Praneeth B. achieved results in the first half.
And it is three players of Anders Antonsen who are struggling alone as Europeans.
Although Cantaphone does not advance to the finals in the top competitions, it has gained the power to advance to the top, such as finishing in the best four in two competitions this season.
There is still a rough side, but the 20-year-old (21 years old on the 18th), who can rally on an equal footing with the top players, seems to have a great possibility of making a leap in the Olympic race.
Also, Sai Praneeth B. took a step forward in India, which has good players in singles.
Samir Bharama, Pranoy H.S. and Srikanth Kidambi, who is lagging behind due to injury, will also be catching up in the coming days, so India will need to be careful after the midfield battle.
New mobile phone rates to be reduced through fair competition: Hokkaido Shimbun Doshin Electronic Edition
With the enforcement of the revised Telecommunications Business Act in October, new rate plans for mobile phone companies are now available.
However, it generally remained at a high level.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said last summer that there was room to cut prices by about 40 percent, and despite growing expectations for a price cut, price competition did not occur.
This is largely due to the postponement of Rakuten's full-scale entry into the market and the continued oligopoly of the three major companies.
For consumers, it is desirable to have an easy-to-use fee system through fair competition.
I would like to ask for the efforts of mobile phone companies.
The revised law prohibits bundled discounts of terminal charges and communication charges.
This was because the communication fee was set to be expensive instead of selling the terminal fee cheaply.
SoftBank and KDDI (au) have announced plans to offer handsets at up to half the price.
However, both companies have a "SIM lock" on their devices, which means they can't use other companies' lines for 100 days.
NTT DoCoMo will charge up to one-third of the terminal fee only for subscribers of its own line.
All three companies seem to be continuing "enclosure" to prevent transfers to other companies.
The Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications announced a policy of mandating the immediate cancellation of SIM locks.
Companies also need to take immediate action.
Rakuten's postponement was due to the fact that the development of communication networks such as base stations did not proceed as planned.
It was expected to trigger a price-cutting competition, so he shrugged it off.
There may have been a lack of foresight.
It is not clear when the full-scale service will start or how much it will cost.
As a company responsible for social infrastructure, I want you to engage in business responsibly.
This rate revision was triggered by remarks by Chief Cabinet Secretary Suga.
Mr. Suga complained about the new fees of the three companies, saying, "I think that competition will start from now on. I do not think at all that it is fine as it is."
However, I do not think that 'government-made price cuts' will distort the market and promote healthy competition.
Companies should engage in customer-oriented competition before being interfered by the government.
The fee structure of each company is very complicated and it is not easy to compare.
The Consumer Affairs Agency called attention to the fact that there are cases in which consumers pay more than half the price even though the terminal advertises that 'the maximum price will be half the price.'
Companies themselves must try to explain in a polite and easy-to-understand manner so as not to create misunderstandings among users.
Withdrawal Limit Reduced to 500,000 Yen Cash Card of Three Shinkin Banks in Mie Prefecture - Ise Shinbun Co., Ltd.
Three Shinkin banks in Mie Prefecture (Kuwana Mie Shinkin Bank, Kitaise Ueno Shinkin Bank, and Kihoku Shinkin Bank) announced on the 26th that they have decided to lower the withdrawal limit for cash cards in order to prevent damage from special fraud.
The maximum amount that can be withdrawn per day with a cash card is 500,000 yen for depositors aged 70 or older who hold a cash card of Kuwana Mie, Kitaise Ueno, and Kihoku Shinkin Banks and have not made a withdrawal transaction of more than a certain amount at an ATM (automatic teller machine) for the past three years.
The Kuwana Mie Shinkin Bank and the Kitaise Ueno Shinkin Bank will lower their rates on October 1, and the Kihoku Shinkin Bank will lower their rates on November 1.
In the prefecture, there are many special fraud cases in which cash cards and PINs are defrauded and withdrawn at ATMs by impersonating financial institutions or police officials, and Shinkin Bank officials say that they "want to protect customers' valuable deposits in as many ways as possible."
Yokozuna Kakuryu and others were transferred to the Mutsu stable due to the sudden death of master Izutsu. | Shizuoka Shimbun at S
The Japan Sumo Association announced on the 27th that it had approved the transfer of three sumo wrestlers from the Izutsu stable, including Yokozuna Kakuryu, and one tokoyama to the Mutsu stable following the death of Izutsu Oyakata (former Sekiwaki Sakahoko).
The Mutsu stable belonged to the Tokitsukaze family, which was the same as the Izutsu stable.
His master, Mutsu Oyakata (former Ozeki Kirishima), was from the Izutsu stable and was a senior apprentice of the late Izutsu Oyakata.
Master Izutsu died suddenly on the 16th, and Kakuryu and others were temporarily kept in the Kagamiyama room of the same family, and their future treatment was discussed.
There are 12 sumo wrestlers in the Mutsu stable at the time of the autumn tournament, including Juryo Kirimayama, who is also from Mongolia as Kakuryu.
[Rugby World Cup] U.S. Player's "Dangerous Face Tackle" and "Insulting and Despicable Play" (THE ANSWER) - Yahoo!News
Us FL Quill plays rough, ex-England international: "It can't be called a tackle"
At the Rugby World Cup in Japan, the United States, the last of the 20 participating nations, was soundly defeated by England, 7-45, on June 26.
Kuroboshi started, but the rough play played by FL John Quill in the second half caused a stir.
A one-shot exit in the form of adding a shoulder tackle to the opponent's face.
Foreign media published the actual scene with a video, and a former England player complained that it was "insulting and despicable play" and that it "couldn't be called a tackle".
[VIDEO] "insulting and despicable play" and overseas ripples!
The Actual Moment of the "Dangerous Facial Tackle" Played by U.S. National Team Quill
His passionate fighting spirit crossed the line.
The score was 0-38 in the 29th minute of the second half.
Deep in the enemy line, England captain Farrell slightly lost his balance when catching his side's pass.
It was Quill who went to tackle it.
However, he raised his upper body, not from the waist down, and hit his body hard on the upper body.
As a result, the opponent's head and head come into contact, and it is shaped like a headbutt.
Farrell was hit hard and fell to the ground.
England players protested vehemently, trying to shove Quill for a play that clearly lacked legitimacy.
Players from both sides gathered at once, creating a touch-and-go atmosphere.
As a result of the TMO (video decision), Quill was sent off with a red card.
He left the pitch with a bad look on his face, but was booed by some in the crowd who demanded fair play.
Rugby powerhouse New Zealand's local media "Staff" ran a feature headlined "Rugby World Cup 2019: U.S. players sent off for poor play, England win".
"Kill made a nasty shoulder charge to England star Farrell's face and was ejected," the report said, "almost resulting in a scuffle between players on both sides."
The article introduced comments made by former England player and commentator Hugo Monja.
"It's insulting, it's despicable, it can't be called a tackle, it's a despicable play," he said.
Without a player in the game, the U.S. managed to avoid a shutout with a spiteful try in the 81st minute.
However, Quill's play left a bad aftertaste.
On September 26, the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare (MHLW) released for the first time the names of 424 public hospitals, including 1,455 public hospitals and the JRCS, that it judged to have "poor clinical performance."
In Fukui Prefecture, the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare verified the treatment results of 14 public and public hospitals, and targeted four facilities: National Hospital Organization Awara Hospital in Awara City, Mikuni Hospital in Sakai City, Oda Hospital in Echizen-cho, and Wakasa Takahama Hospital in Takahama-cho.
The four hospitals to be reorganized: 'The standards are wrong.'
It decided to take an unprecedented action on the grounds that it was necessary to promote reorganization and integration with hospitals in competing regions in order to control medical costs, which are expanding due to the aging population.
It plans to request a full-scale examination of the reorganization and integration of the target hospitals as early as October, and to reach a conclusion by September next year.
Although it is not enforced, there is expected to be a backlash from local chiefs and residents due to the fear that nearby hospitals will disappear.
It was announced at the meeting on the same day.
The target hospitals accounted for 29.1% of the total, and many of them had relatively few beds.
By prefecture, Niigata (53.7%), Hokkaido (48.6%), Miyagi (47.5%), Yamaguchi (46.7%) and Okayama (43.3%) had the highest percentages.
Hokkaido had the largest number of subjects with 54, and Okinawa was the only one with zero.
Based on data from fiscal year 2017, the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare surveyed 1,455 public and public hospitals that can handle the "high acute phase" for critically ill patients and the "acute phase" for general surgery.
We analyzed the treatment results of nine items such as cancer and emergency medical care, and whether competing hospitals were not located "within 20 minutes by car", and judged that it was necessary to disclose the name of the hospital.
The target hospitals will be asked to consider abolishing them or transferring some departments to other hospitals.
Medical expenses will increase sharply in 2025, when all baby boomers will be 75 years of age or older.
For this reason, the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare has set a goal of reducing the number of beds in hospitals nationwide from 1,246,000 in 2018 to 1,191,000.
At present, while there are many beds in the "high acute phase" and "acute phase," which are heavily staffed with nurses and incur medical expenses, there is a shortage of beds for rehabilitation, which is in high demand among the elderly.
In order to cope with the aging population, it is necessary not only to reduce the number of beds but also to increase the number of beds for rehabilitation.
With regard to the reorganization and integration of hospitals, each prefecture formulated the 'Regional Medical Care Concept,' which stipulates the number of beds required for 25 years.
The country is divided into 339 districts, and local governments and medical professionals are holding consultations, but many local residents and mayors remain cautious, making discussions difficult.
The Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare hopes to stimulate discussion by disclosing the names of hospitals that have a poor track record.
Komagatake eruption scenario, road and other comprehensive disaster prevention drill with the participation of residents over a wide area for the first time in 18 years (Video) : Hokkaido Shimbun Doshin Electronic Edition
A comprehensive disaster prevention drill assuming an eruption of Mt. Komagatake (1131 meters) was held in the towns of Mori, Nanae and Shikabe within the jurisdiction of Oshima on September 27.
About 400 people including officials and residents of 20 organizations including the province and three towns participated.
It was held for the first time since the Hokkaido Komagatake Volcano Disaster Prevention Council formulated an evacuation plan that included evacuation routes for residents in August.
This is the first time in 18 years that residents have participated in a wide-area drill.
It is assumed that Mt. Komagatake erupted at 8:45 a.m. and the mudflow reached the town at the foot of the mountain.
When the eruption alert level was raised to 5 (evacuation), evacuation shelters were opened in the towns of Mori and Nanae, and residents moved in buses and police vehicles prepared by each town.
At Vancouver climate demonstration, 100,000 students appeal for measures against global warming during school holidays (Minna no Keizai Shimbun Network) - Yahoo!News
About 100,000 citizens, mainly students, who sympathized with Greta Thunberg, a 16-year-old environmental activist, marched in Vancouver on September 27 to call for action against climate change.
Climate demonstration in Vancouver
The march took place from Vancouver City Hall across the Canby Bridge to the downtown library.
People with placards began to gather in front of the city hall several hours before the start, and at 13:00 of the start time, there were enough people to fill the road a few blocks in front of the city hall.
After that, the number of participants continued to increase, and eventually more than 100,000 people participated.
On the roads along the way, the police cooperated by enforcing road regulations, and watched for several hours until all the people had finished walking.
In conjunction with the United Nations Climate Action Summit held in New York, various events to think about global warming have been held in Vancouver since last weekend.
On the last day, the 27th, a school strike called "Fridays for Future" was held.
On this day, students who took a day off from school appealed to adults, "We want to protect the earth even if we take a day off from school," and many adults who took a day off from work responded, "We will do our best for the future of children who are seriously studying and thinking."
Nine Prefectures Recommended for Swine Cholera Vaccine Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries (Gifu Shimbun Web) - Yahoo!News
Japan's Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries (MAFF) announced on January 27 that it would revise its anti-epidemic guidelines to allow preventive vaccination of farm-raised pigs, which is not currently permitted, in order to prevent the spread of the infectious disease "pork cholera."
The plan is to select nine prefectures, including Gifu and Aichi, where infection has been confirmed in pigs and wild boars.
The movement of vaccinated live pigs and fertilized eggs is restricted within the region, but the distribution of meat and processed products outside the region is permitted.
It aims to complete the procedure by the end of October at the earliest, after receiving public comments from the general public.
By using vaccines and allowing the extraterritorial distribution of meat, Japan will no longer be a "clean country" certified by international organizations, which may affect the export of pork.
Since the outbreak in September last year, Japan's status as a clean country has been temporarily on hold.
In the revised draft, the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries established "recommended vaccination areas" for areas where there is a high risk of infection from wild boars to pigs, based on the opinions of experts.
The target prefecture creates a "vaccination program" that summarizes the scope, timing, number, and procedure of vaccination, receives confirmation from the ministry, and permits its use at the discretion of the governor.
The other seven prefectures where vaccination is recommended are Saitama, Toyama, Ishikawa, Fukui, Nagano, Mie and Shiga.
The regions will review the situation and decide again when the guidelines are revised.
The movement of inoculated pigs, semen, fertilized eggs, dead bodies, excrement, etc. shall, in principle, be restricted within the area.
Meat and processed products are not targeted, considering the cost of distribution restrictions and the impact on farmers, and are in effect allowed to be distributed outside the region.
Thoroughly dispose of food waste to prevent the spread of viruses.
It appeals for the safety of inoculated pigs and works to prevent harmful rumors.
The revised guidelines were compiled at a meeting of experts held on the same day, and confirmed at a meeting of the Epidemic Control Headquarters.
Inquiries and public comments to prefectural governments will be conducted until October 7, and new epidemic prevention guidelines will be put into effect.
Keisuke Honda, an independent, makes a public approach to Man U!
"Give me an offer, I don't need the money" (Football Channel) - Yahoo! News
Broadcast on 9/28 (Sat) 2:57
Former Japan national team midfielder Keisuke Honda, who left Australian A-League club Melbourne Victory at the end of last season and is no longer with the club, made a surprising move.
[VIDEO] Was Keisuke Honda actually in the game?
The astounding truth is revealed
Honda, who updated his Twitter account at midnight on the 27th, made a public approach to a club saying, "Please make me an offer, I don't need money, but I need to play with great teams and great teammates."
The opponent who sent the "reverse offer" was the world-famous Manchester United.
Why did Honda make such a grand request to one of the most powerful clubs in the Premier League?
It was triggered by an article in the Australian version of Fox Sports, which was released on the 24th.
In an article entitled "Five forwards up for grabs in Manchester United's injury crisis", he picked out five independents who are currently available.
Among the players such as Hatem Ben Arfa, Giuseppe Rossi and Wilfredo Bony, there was Honda's name.
United are currently in a state of emergency with a number of players injured, including midfielder Paul Pogba, defender Luke Shaw, defender Eric Bailly, forward Antony Martial and forward Marcus Rashford.
The Red Devils, coached by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, have had a difficult start to the season, with two wins and 22 defeats in the league, and have a problem with the quality of their front line.
So it was Honda who was mentioned by the Australian media as a candidate for a new force for leverage.
In the article, it is analyzed that "strictly speaking, Honda's contract as a creative player, not a striker, can fill the hole that Andreas Pereira is filling."
His nine goals in 18 appearances for Melbourne Victory is a "solid record", but it has also been pointed out that "the 33-year-old Honda needs to step away from his pastime of managing the Cambodian national team and get his full attention".
Will Honda's approach bear fruit?
It will also be interesting to see if United make a move for the veteran, whose stated goal is to play in next year's Tokyo Olympics.
Installation of 500 portable translators completed Free loan to Hamamatsu Chamber of Commerce, shops, etc. | Shizuoka Shimbun at S
Portable translator "PokeTalk" lent free of charge to 500 locations including shops in Hamamatsu City
The Hamamatsu Chamber of Commerce and Industry announced on January 26 that a total of 500 machines have been installed at shops in Hamamatsu City as part of a project to lend the portable translator "PokeTalk" to member offices free of charge.
It is said that this translator will be deployed intensively in the same area for the first time in Japan, and attention should be paid to whether it will improve the ability to respond to inbound tourists (travelers visiting Japan).
The breakdown of lenders is as follows: 236 restaurants, 113 retail stores, 17 accommodations, and 134 others.
The middle section of the city accounts for 60% of the population.
It also started displaying lenders on the map application "Google Maps" and made it possible to know the location of "stores that support foreign languages" with a smartphone.
It can be accessed from the website of the Lake Hamana sightseeing area.
The free loan of PokéTalk, which supports 74 languages, started in April in response to the declaration of "Japan's No. 1 inbound support city, Hamamatsu" by nine organizations in the city.
The chamber will purchase 500 units and lend them for two years to small- and medium-sized businesses that meet conditions such as Omotenashi (hospitality) certification and the introduction of cashless payments.
An official of the Chamber of Commerce said, "We hope this will lead to the development of new foreign customers in a difficult business environment."
Now the direct dora master, Hiroyo Ikemura, doesn't even need a tie-up for the first shot?
Today's Caddy's Best Shot
A 1W shot is not necessarily a tee-up shot.
There is also a technique called "choku-dora," in which a player hits a ball on the ground when he wants to gain distance by hitting a par-5 second shot.
The recent 1W involves the risk of the ball scattering due to the large head volume, but there are players who frequently practice this on the tee ground.
It is Hiroyo Ikemura who is waiting for his first victory on the tour.
The 24-year-old, who is in his seventh year as a pro, is small at 166 cm tall, but currently ranks seventh in the driving distance category (average 304.02 yd).
While he was good at long shots, one of his challenges was the accuracy of the fairway wood.
In early spring, he opened his eyes and said, "The spoon (3W) shot wasn't good, so I thought about doing a straight drama."
From the practice round, he sometimes drops the ball on the turf of Tearia and casually shakes off 1W.
In cases where big carry is required, tee-ups are often used, but direct drag is effectively used in halls that are narrow on both sides.
"It can be used in a hall where the eyes are lowered."
In the ballistic measuring instrument, it recorded 270 yd to 280 yd in the carry.
"That's why I don't need a 3W, and my caddie feels more secure with a direct-dora than a 3W..."
From the "Japan Tour Championship" in June, there is only 1 watt of wood in the caddie bag.
The second longest club is UT with a loft of 17 degrees.
The tactics surprised even my tour friends, and I was happy to hear the voice of admiration from the gallery I saw.
The trick is to shake the club to a level (horizontal).
"Even if it is a down blow, even if you hit it with an upper, it does not fly straight. If it is a cut trajectory, it goes to the right. Originally I was doing a direct drag to correct the swing of the (tie-up) shot of 1 W. This practice also moderates the attack angle (incidence angle of the club). "
The ball is not caught and there is a risk of slicing, but "so the left side can be erased (it does not turn left)."
It is easy to say ... but it is a professional technique that groans involuntarily.
First Ice at Tatamidaira, Mt. Norikura (Gifu Shimbun Web) - Yahoo!News
Ice observed for the first time this season at Tsuruga-ike Pond in Tatamidaira, Mt. Norikura = 27th morning, Nyukawa-cho, Takayama City (courtesy of Norikura Skyline Management Office)
Ice was observed for the first time this season on the 27th at Tsuruga-ike Pond in Tatamidaira (Nyukawa-cho, Takayama City, Gifu Prefecture, 2702 meters above sea level) of Mt. Norikura in the Northern Alps.
It is four days later than last year and one day earlier than the average for the past ten years.
According to the Norikura Skyline Management Office, around 6:25 a.m., an officer patrolling the road found ice about two millimeters thick on the west side of Tsuruga-ike Pond.
The weather at the time of observation was fine and the temperature was 3 degrees Celsius.
According to the Gifu Local Meteorological Observatory, the lowest temperature in the prefecture on that day was 9.5 degrees Celsius in Rokumaya, Shokawa-cho, Gifu City.
Experience the Para Games!
Until tomorrow Caravan event at AEON Onahama " Iwaki Minpo Official Website
Tokio Marine & Nichido Fire Insurance launched the "Six Tohoku Prefectures Caravan Event 'Challenge 6' in Fukushima Prefecture" at Aeon Mall Iwaki Onahama on the 28th, aiming to build momentum for the 2020 Tokyo Paralympics.
There is a corner where you can experience six Paralympic sports: boccia, wheelchair fencing, wheelchair basketball, goalball, track and field, and wheelchair rugby, and it is crowded with shoppers.
Challenge 6 was held at one location in each of the six prefectures of the Tohoku region from July to October, and was held at AEON MALL Iwaki Onahama in Fukushima Prefecture.
Paralympic sports are still less well known than Olympic sports, but they are intended to be understood by many people by having the same experiences as para-athletes as much as possible through Challenge 6.
At the venue, comedian Dandy Sakano, who is familiar with "Gets!", dressed in a yellow costume, visited and experienced the competition together, showing excitement.
On the 29th, comedian Shinji Magee rushes to the scene.
Until the 29th.
It is open from 10:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.
The outline of the construction of the children's play facility and Minaminumabara Elementary School has been decided. | Yamagata Shimbun
The winning bidders for a children's play facility and a new elementary school building in Minaminumabara, which Yamagata City is proceeding with a construction plan in the form of Public Finance Initiative (PFI) utilizing private funds, were decided, and the outline of the facility was explained at a standing committee meeting of the city council held on the 26th.
Image of the new children's play facility to be built in Katayachi, Yamagata City
The children's play facility is scheduled to be constructed on the north side of Yamagata Kyuchu in the Katayachi area, and the site area is approximately 23,400 square meters.
The building is a one-storied steel structure with a total floor area of approximately 3,000 square meters.
It is equipped with a semi-underground gymnasium, a cafe, and a library corner.
In addition, it is equipped with universal design playground equipment so that children with disabilities can also play outdoors, and it has 300 parking spaces.
A committee meeting was held at the city hall on the 5th of this month, and the Shelter Group (Yamagata City), which consists of 13 companies, won the bid for 3.05 billion yen, including design and opening preparation costs, as well as maintenance and operation costs for 15 years.
Design and construction will begin in January next year, and the facility is scheduled to open in March 2022.
Image of the new school building in Minami-Numabara
Minaminumabara Elementary School is a large-scale school with more than 900 students.
It is scheduled to be built on the north side of the current school building in Iizawa, Iizawa City, and the site area is approximately 21,500 square meters.
It is a three-story reinforced concrete building with a total floor area of approximately 8,580 square meters.
It has 30 classrooms, two swimming pools, a steel-framed gymnasium, and an after-school children's club.
At a committee meeting held on the 6th of this month, the Ichimura Corporation Group (Yamagata City), which consists of eight companies, won the bid for 451.21 million yen, including the design, demolition costs of the old school building, and maintenance and operation costs for 15 years.
Design and construction began in December and is scheduled to be completed in October 2022.
Shuri to appear in Fuji TV drama "Motokare Mania" starring Yuko Araki and Kengo Kora (Sports Hochi) - Yahoo! News
Actress Shuri (29) will appear in Fuji Television's new drama "Motokaremania" (starting on October 17, Thursday at 10 p.m.) starring Yuko Araki (25) and Kengo Kora (31).
Shuri plays Chizuru Kaga, a co-worker at a major food manufacturer, played by Akio Yamashita, played by Kenta Hamano (38).
Chizuru, an original character in the drama who does not appear in the original story, is not interested in marriage and decides that marriage is a "means" to save herself from financial difficulties.
Then Yamashita appears.
He sees with his own eyes the prospect of being promoted from the rare Hokkaido to the Tokyo head office and the beautiful way of eating rice, and approaches him as "the right marriage partner".
Chizuru seems to be mentally strong, but in fact, she is mentally weak like tofu.
In order to lay out a love strategy to avoid getting hurt, she gets very upset when things don't go as expected.
Chizuru, who lives with bravado, meets Yurika and Yamashita, played by Yuko Araki, and changes as she comes into contact with them.
This is the first time that Shuri, who has appeared in a number of topical works such as NHK's serial TV novel "Toto Neechan" (April to October 2016) and TBS's "Black Pean" (April 2018), will appear in a Fuji terrestrial drama.
Shuri said, "I have a lot of roles where love doesn't come true for some reason, so I hope that this time (love) will come true. (laughs) I would like to enjoy playing Chizuru Kaga," and sent a message to viewers, "I am looking forward to how I can create this world of 'Motokare Mania' with the cast and staff who are full of personality and charm. I hope it will be a drama that everyone can look forward to every Thursday at 10 o'clock."
It has also been decided that Kujin OKURA (17) will play Tsubo HATTORI, a new employee who is Chizuru's junior.
Okura, the youngest member of the regular cast, gives a fresh performance brimming with youth.
GQ Men's 10-day Kikimawashi-Day 9 "Skateboarding with Friends" (GQ JAPAN) - Yahoo!News
The only means of transportation is skateboarding!
I've been hooked since I started skiing at the invitation of a friend.
I'm still a beginner, but it feels good to push through the asphalt.
Filson's hunting jacket is convenient because you can put your smartphone, wallet and luggage and become hands-free.
With shorts, you can feel the wind directly and it feels good.
Not only at the feet, but also lightly with Converse skateboard shoes.
The fashion and culture around skateboarding is also cool, so I check magazines and Instagram frequently!
As for haircuts, I started going to a salon run by a skater hairdresser in Yutenji.
They taught me tricks and information about skateboard parks that I haven't been able to do yet, and I'm inspired by them.
After school, our daily routine is to walk around the city with a skateboard with our friends.
Clothing items ・ Beanie 10,000 yen (ANDERSEN-ANDERSEN / Maiden Company TEL03-5410-9777) ・ Best 23,000 yen (FILSON / Outer Limits TEL03-5413-6957) ・ Tops 12,000 yen (PRE _ / Wag Ink TEL03-5791-1501) ・ Shorts 6,800 yen (PROPPER / Hi! Standard TEL03-3464-2109) ・ Socks 1,800 yen (CHICSTOCKS / No Design TEL03-6677-6030) ・ Sneakers 12,000 yen (CONVERSE SKATEBOARDING / Converse Information Store TEL0120-819-217)
Minister of Health, Labor and Welfare Meets Leprosy Families; Three Ministries Agree to End Discrimination | Shizuoka Shimbun at S
Minister of Health, Labour and Welfare Katsunobu Kato announced at a press conference after the cabinet meeting on October 27 that he would meet with the families of former leprosy patients on October 2.
It was also announced that the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare, the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology, and the Ministry of Justice would hold consultations on the same day to eliminate discrimination and prejudice against former patients and their families.
Mr. Kato said, "I would like to listen carefully to the voices of the families and do my best to solve the problems."
Regarding the families of former patients, the Kumamoto District Court in June ordered the government to pay a total of 376 million yen to 541 plaintiffs.
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe announced the postponement of the appeal, and the ruling was confirmed.
It also stated that the government would engage in activities such as compensation measures and human rights awareness-raising.
A chance for aspiring male models!
Ryo Narita and other models who are also active widely as actors and entertainers 35 entertainment professionals and model agencies participate in "Model Special Audition 2019" ( Debut ) - Yahoo!News
Among the participating companies, there are many affiliated offices of male models who demonstrate multiple talents such as actors as well as models such as Ryo Narita.
[Photo] SOS Model Agency: Kenji Taniguchi
"Sony Music Artists" belongs to Ryo Narita, who is an exclusive model for the magazine "MEN`S NON-NO" (Shueisha) and has a high reputation as an actor, such as appearing in the movie "Ningen Shikkaku" (currently being released) and starring in the movie "Katsuben!" (scheduled to be released on December 13).
While serving as an advertising model for Yohji Yamamoto GroundY/s'yte, Kenji Taniguchi, who has appeared in the movie "Kamen Rider Amazons" as Amazon Alpha / Jin Takayama, and the stage "Joker Game" as Lieutenant Colonel Yuki, belongs to the "SOS Model Agency".
Stage "Touken Ranbu" Jiden - Nichinichi no ha yochirurumu - Jiro Tachi, Hyper Projection Theater "Haikyu! !" Series "Jeunesse" belonging to Ryotaro Kosaka, who is active on the 2.5-dimensional stage, including the role of Hotaru Tsukishima.
"NVRMND inc." belongs to Sotaro Yasunaga, who has worked as a model in Amazon Fashion Week and fashion magazine editorials, and has recently been active in various brand models such as UNIQLO, NIKE, and adidas.
In addition to "Prestige" belonging to HIROTO appearing in commercials such as WEGO, Colopl, LINEB612, TikTok, Johnson & Johnson, Santen Pharmaceutical's "Sun Medical" commercial, the stage "Yasashii Akuma" "Akimachi Twilight" "Marigold -Desperate Flower Language-" Ryusei Sakae belonging to Create Japan Agency.
He has appeared in men's fashion magazines such as POPEYE and Smart, as well as many women's magazines.
Many model agencies are participating, including LOOKBOOK, a domestic and international brand, and Burquin Style, to which HAYASE, who is active in a wide range of fields including advertising, belongs.
Manuscript written before Akutagawa's suicide to be published for the first time A Literary Theory of Decline and Tragedy | Shizuoka Shimbun at S
Ryunosuke Akutagawa's handwritten manuscript to be exhibited for the first time at the Tabata Bunshimura Memorial Museum
A handwritten manuscript of an essay 'sequel literary, too literary' written by the writer Ryunosuke AKUTAGAWA (1892-1927) in his last years, when he had a literary debate with Junichiro TANIZAKI, was obtained by the Tabata Bunshi-mura Memorial Museum in Kita Ward, Tokyo by the 27th.
It will be exhibited at the museum from October 1.
Although the existence of the essay was known as it was included in the complete collection, it is said that it was the first time that the original manuscript was open to the public.
It seems to have been written a few months before Akutagawa's suicide, and Takeshi Tanei, a researcher at the museum, says, "It shows that Akutagawa, who was weakened both physically and mentally, faced difficult literary issues with a tragic resolution."
A total of 12 essays on 200-character manuscript paper were published in the April 27 issue of Bungei Shunju.
Greta Thunberg: Why do adults mock and threaten children?
Swedish environmental activist Greta Thunberg gave a speech at the United Nations Climate Action Summit in New York on September 23.
While the speech has attracted attention, there have been messages insulting Greta.
[Tweet collection] Greta Thunberg: Why adults mock and threaten children
A political commentator said on an American TV program that Greta was "mentally ill, being used by her parents and the international left wing," and the TV station that used her apologized.
On the Internet in Japan, there are many comments about Greta that are not what she said, such as "I'm sorry you're being used" and "You should go to school."
Meanwhile, Greta posted on her Twitter account on September 26, "Why do adults spend their time mocking and threatening teenagers and children?"
They come up with all the lies and conspiracy theories they can think of.
Greta began posting, "Here we go again, and as you've noticed, the people who hate me are as active as ever; they chase me around the way I look, the way I dress, the way I behave, and where I'm different; they come up with all the lies and conspiracy theories they can think of."
He pointed out that adults seem to be shifting their talking points because they don't want to deal with the climate and environmental crises.
To be honest, I don't understand why adults spend their time mocking and threatening teenagers and children.
To that time will be able to do another good.
I think they feel threatened by us.
But don't consume your time in paying attention to them any more.
The world is beginning to wake up.
Change is coming.
It doesn't matter whether adults like the change or not.
See you on the streets on Friday!
On the previous Friday, the 20th, strikes on climate change were held in New York and other parts of the world.
Greta had called for it to be held on Friday the 27th as well.
HuffPost Japan Editorial Department
[Program Council] Akita TV (Sankei Shimbun) - Yahoo!News
Akita Television's 432nd Broadcasting Program Council (Chairman: Kiyohiko EBATAKE) held a meeting and deliberated on 'Really delicious Akita curry recommended by editors, cooking professionals, and celebrities' broadcast on August 16.
The program introduced each recommended curry restaurant, points to enjoy the professional taste at home, and the secret story of the birth of the special retort curry.
The committee members made comments such as "It is simple and the concept and theme are clear," "It was watched with interest until the end, and there was a tempo with the appearance of curry bread," "I was able to see it from a different point of view from a gourmet site," "The reenactment drama is long," and "I wanted one-point advice on how to make professional curry."
Aim for the prize money champion in reverse by making use of the experience of Rikuya Hoshino "I learned that the grain of the rough was different from usual" (Golf Network ) - Yahoo!News
At the Sinhang Donghae Open, a tournament co-hosted by the Japan-Korea Asia Tour, Rikuya Hoshino carded a 68 with an eagle, two birdies and a bogey in the final round on the 22nd at Bear's Best Cheongna Golf Club (7,238-yard-par 71).
[VIDEO] Coming to Japan!
Garcia's wedge shot.
I was able to extend it to some extent in the first half, so I thought that I could go with that momentum in the second half, but the putter did not go well and I could not extend it, so that was frustrating.
Did you see the eagle on No. 6 and the birdie on No. 7?
Even after I made a bogey at No. 4, there was still a par 5 left, so I was trying to get it back, but a chip-in eagle came at No. 6.
I got a birdie at No. 7 and it gave me a chance, but after all I was frustrated that I could not improve in the second half.
What did you gain from this tournament?
I haven't been playing well lately, so it was good that I was able to hold on well even on a course with narrow fairways.
The rough was also a course where the order and the reverse were different, and the way to hit and the distance changed, so I didn't have much (experience), so I learned a lot.
How is it different from a regular tournament?
A place where it was possible to shoot with a camera (such as a smartphone).
I didn't mind at all, but the gallery took a lot of videos.
There was not much that changed other than that, but it was just a co-sponsored tournament with few Japanese players, so I approached the game with the feeling that "I will not lose to overseas players".
The second half will continue from now on, but if I do not win more than one, I will not be able to aim for the prize money king, so I would like to win one more victory, and there is also a ZOZO Championship nearby, so I will do my best to get in the top of the tournament and qualify.
What is the way to prevent dementia and keep it at the level of "forgetfulness"?
Interview and text by Yo WATANABE
It is a drug for dementia that has been frustrated by the challenge of research and development by major pharmaceutical companies and university hospitals.
However, the relationship between dementia and lifestyle habits is being elucidated, and it seems that there is a possibility that it can be limited to extremely mild symptoms and forgetfulness.
We spoke with Professor Shunsuke Otsuki of the Stroke Center at Kinki University Hospital.
Dementia won't go away.
Dementia prevention or treatment is long-awaited, but what is the current situation?
Otsuki: Everyone has the potential to develop dementia as they age, with varying degrees of severity, from mild to severe.
However, it is thought that it will still take more than 20 years for new dementia drugs to be developed.
The drug donepezil, which is often used in Japan, is already not covered by insurance in some overseas countries, so it is not expected to have a significant curative effect.
On the other hand, while deaths from infectious diseases and accidents are decreasing and cancer deaths are also decreasing due to remarkable advances in treatments such as anticancer drugs, people are now able to live longer.
Therefore, it is also true that the number of dementia patients is increasing.
It is not something that can be solved by individuals or their families alone, but it is necessary to create an environment in which society as a whole can live with peace of mind in the community.
How to keep it to the level of 'forgetting things'
There are people who are more or less likely to develop dementia. ― Are there people who are more or less likely to develop dementia?
Otsuki: Even if dementia is inevitable, there is a possibility that it can be limited to "forgetfulness" by suppressing symptoms as much as possible.
Dementia is considered to be a lifestyle-related disease, and there is a tendency in people who are prone to it.
First of all, people with metabolic syndrome are more likely to develop dementia.
Dementia is regarded as one of the lifestyle-related diseases.
It is a combination of obesity, hypertension, diabetes and hypercholesterolemia.
The presence or absence of economic power also has an impact.
For example, in the United States, there are regions that distribute food tickets called food tickets to the poor, but the foods that can be received with food tickets are frozen hamburgers, pizza and chicken that can be stored.
People who can't use gas or electricity and live in an environment where they can't cook in the first place can use it.
This leads to a diet low in vegetables and protein, and a lifestyle biased toward fats and carbohydrates.
Eventually, although they are poor, they become obese, and all they have to do is watch TV and become disabled.
A similar situation can be found in Japan.
In addition, people who do not think about things or do not work are also more likely to develop dementia.
In other words, in order to prevent dementia, it is necessary to read books and think about things on a daily basis without becoming a metabolic syndrome.
Okayama sightseeing and special products PR in Osaka Bicchu Marche Mankido VR also appeared: Sanyo Shimbun Digital α-san Digital
The "Okayama Hare no Kuni Bicchu Marche" (sponsored by the Bicchu Prefectural People's Bureau) to promote sightseeing spots and local products in the Bicchu area started for two days on the 27th at the plaza of JR Osaka Station.
Niimi City, which was hit by localized torrential rain earlier this month, set up a VR (virtual reality) experience corner in Manki-dong to promote the attraction to people in the Kansai area.
Seven cities and towns participated: Kurashiki, Kasaoka, Ihara, Soja, Niimi, Asakuchi, and Yagake.
There were corners such as making a fan using masking tape (Kurashiki City), making a denim key ring (Ihara City), and making a kaleidoscope (Asakuchi City) related to the telescope of the observatory, and users of the station stopped by.
In the VR experience of Manki-do Cave, visitors used special goggles to simulate walking in the cave.
"I saw the scenery to the left when I looked to the left and to the right when I looked to the right, and I really felt like I was walking inside, and I would like to experience the real Manki-do Cave if I have a chance," said a 52-year-old woman from Itami City, Hyogo Prefecture.
Kigenji, remorse and remorse Takanofuji's younger brother, deviant behavior | Shizuoka Shimbun at S
On the 28th, Kigenji MAKUUCHI, a twin brother of Juryo Takanofuji who was urged to retire voluntarily by the Japan Sumo Association for assaulting an assistant sumo wrestler in a grand sumo tournament, was reprimanded for an act that deviated from the scope of instruction, and he expressed his remorse, saying, 'I firmly accept it. I will start from minus, not zero.'
He was interviewed at Ryogoku Kokugikan in Tokyo, where he participated in Hanazumo.
Takanofuji held a press conference at his own discretion on the 27th in which he wished to continue his career.
Kigenji found out about the meeting in the press and advised him that 'it is better not to do it,' but it is said that he has not been able to contact him since then.
He said, "I grew up in the same environment, but my brother and I think differently."
Jaguar F-PACE Makes First Major Improvement...Possibility of Hybridization (Response) - Yahoo!News
Jaguar's first crossover SUV, "F-PACE" The improved new prototype was captured by cameras for the first time in southern Europe.
The F-PACE originated from the C-X17, a four-seater concept SUV that was first unveiled in 2013.
After that, a five-seater version was released in 2014, and it officially debuted as "F-PACE" at the 2015 Frankfurt Motor Show.
In the following year, 2016, the first generation of the current model was released, and this is the first facelift.
The captured prototype is covered in thick camouflage, but part of the new design can be seen.
The headlights are designed to be more compact and thinner, and the side air intakes seem to have been modified to a sporty oval shape.
The grille is completely disguised, but there is no doubt that it will be redesigned.
At the rear end, some of the revamped taillights, which are equipped with elongated reverse lights at the top, can be seen.
There seems to be a possibility that the design that wraps around to the side like the current model has been modified to be compact.
In the cabin, the company's "Pivi Pro" touchscreen infotainment system is expected to be installed, and the new digital cluster, HVAC control screen, steering wheel and gear selector will be refreshed.
The powertrain is expected to be a 2.0-liter in-line four-cylinder turbodiesel and a hybridized 3.0-liter in-line six-cylinder Ingenium.
The world premiere is likely to be in 2020.
Sharp increase in sales due to nuclear power plant-related construction Company providing 300 million yen to former assistants | Shizuoka Shimbun at S
Head office of Kansai Electric Power Co., Inc. = 27 p.m., Osaka City (from Kyodo News Helicopter)
It turned out that a local construction company that provided about 300 million yen to Moriyama had greatly increased its sales in the past few years by receiving orders for work related to nuclear power plants, due to the fact that Makoto Yagi (69), chairman of the Kansai Electric Power Co., and others had received money and goods from his former assistant Eiji Moriyama (who died at the age of 90 in March this year) in the town of Takahama, Fukui Prefecture, where KEPCO's Takahama Nuclear Power Plant is located.
The construction company is "Yoshida Kaihatsu" established in 1981.
According to a credit research company, sales were 350 million yen in the fiscal year ended August 31, 2013, exceeded 1 billion yen in the fiscal year ended August 31, 2015, and exceeded 2.1 billion yen in the fiscal year ended August 31, 2018.
KEPCO's nuclear power plant-related work accounted for most of the company's business.
Man arrested on suspicion of threatening "I'll kill you" in Kagoshima City (KTS Kagoshima TV) - Yahoo!News
On the 24th of this month, a 33-year-old unemployed man was arrested on suspicion of persistently chasing a car and threatening to kill the driver on a national highway in Kagoshima City.
Masaru Miyahara, 33, an unemployed man from 4-chome, Karaminato, Kagoshima City, was arrested on suspicion of making threats.
According to the police, Miyahara is suspected of persistently chasing a vehicle driven by a 24-year-old man on a national highway in Kagoshima City just after midnight on the 24th of this month, and threatening the man by saying "I will kill you" at an intersection.
On the 25th, the man had submitted a damage report and the police were investigating, but on the afternoon of the 26th, the suspect Miyahara said, "The image of rough driving was picked up on TV and social media and I got scared" and went to the police station accompanied by a friend and was arrested.
It is said that the suspect Miyahara admitted the suspicion and said that he was "made to brake suddenly" about the motive.
The police are investigating the suspicion that Miyahara was driving without a license.
News · Keiichiro Koyama's daily meal contents are open to the public!
<Tokyo MX "Keiichiro Koyama no Kenja no BORDER 30"> (The Television) - Yahoo! News
Keiichiro Koyama of News hosted the third episode of the new health promotion variety show, "Keiichiro Koyama no Kenja no BORDER 30: A branch road to health led by a medical specialist" (Tokyo MX) on Friday, September 27.
Comments also arrived from Koyama, who had finished recording.
[View image]
In order to be healthy in the future, how to spend your thirties is important...Keiichiro Koyama learns about health!
This program is a "health program for young people" in which Koyama, who begins to be concerned about his health at the age of 35, learns what he wants to know about health.
In the program, specialists in various fields appear and answer the questions of Koyama and guests.
The theme this time is "Vitamins".
Naoko Nozawa and Diana Extravaganza are invited as guests to learn about the types of vitamins and their respective functions.
In addition, there is also a plan to release the meal contents of the day in order to check whether Koyama, who is always careful about his health, has enough vitamins.
After finishing this recording, Koyama commented, 'I think that there are many people who do not know how vitamins are related to their health, and I hope this program will eliminate the misconception about vitamins that it is not good to take only certain vitamins!'
Empowered by Mr. Onsarigo They served as pacemakers at Nagai elementary school track and field, and three of them broke the meet record | Yamagata Shimbun
Children run hard in the women's 800 meters.
On the left is Joseph Onsaligo, a pacemaker at Koyo Seiki Athlete Field Nagai in Nagai City.
The Nagai City Elementary School Friendship Athletic Meet was held on the 26th at the Koyo Seiki Athlete Field Nagai (City Athletic Stadium) in Nagai City, and long-distance runner Joseph Onsarigo (27) from Kenya, who belongs to Nasu Construction Co., Ltd., served as a pacemaker in some of the races.
With a light run, he "set the stage" for a new tournament record of three people.
Onsarigo led the children in a total of four races, the men's 1000 meters and the women's 800 meters.
Chiya Koseki (a sixth-year student at Hirano Elementary School) came in first with a time of 3:04.38, Lara Shigama (a sixth-year student at Isazawa Elementary School) came in first with a time of 2:34.17, and Ryo Asano (a sixth-year student at Nagai Elementary School) came in second with a time of 2:35.73.
Mr. Koseki said, "It was hard to keep up with the fast Onsarigo, but I could put up with it," and Mr. Shigama said, "Onsarigo said to me, 'Pace up.'"
Onsarigo was delighted, saying, "The children ran well, and I was able to do a perfect job."
The tournament was held for the 39th time by the Nagai City Elementary School Sports Promotion Association and others in order to encourage sixth graders in the city to deepen their friendship.
Toshiyuki Nishida rejects Ryo Nakao's jealousy, saying "The level is different" "I went to Kohaku three times" (Sports Hochi) - Yahoo!News
Actors Hidetoshi Nishijima (48), Toshiyuki Nishida (71), Akira Nakao (77) and others gave stage greetings on the opening day of the movie "Ninkei Gakuen" (originally written by Satoshi Konno and directed by Hisashi Kimura) at TOHO Cinemas Shinjuku in Tokyo on the 27th.
It is a humanistic comedy with a unique and strong cast.
Nishida not only performed but also performed an arranged version of "Until We Meet Again" as an insert song with the Tokyo Ska Paradise Orchestra.
Nakao reacted with jealousy, saying, 'What I regretted the most when I saw the movie was that Nishida was singing.'
As Nishida boasts, "I have appeared in 'Kohaku' three times in the past. If possible, I would like to be called a singer rather than an actor. It is a different level (from Nakao)."
And he promised to perform a live song 'at that time if the full house of this movie continues.'
Cutting-edge art that invites you to a different world Okayama Art Exchange opens in the center of the city: Sanyo Shimbun Digital α-san Digital
People walking around the classroom that was the setting for a video work depicting the future 3,000 years from now = Former Uchiyamashita Elementary School
The international art exhibition "Okayama Art Exchange 2019" held every three years in the center of Okayama City (organized by the executive committee of the city, prefecture, etc.) opened on the 27th.
In line with the enigmatic title "If the Snake," art fans from Japan and abroad enjoy cutting-edge art created by 18 artist groups from nine countries.
This time, for the second time in 16 years, French artist Pierre Huyghe has been invited as artistic director to develop works that make use of Okayama's climate and local resources.
Approximately 40 video and three-dimensional works will be exhibited at 13 locations, including the former Uchiyamashita Elementary School (Marunouchi, Kita Ward, Okayama City) and the Prefectural Tenjinyama Culture Plaza (Tenjin-cho, Okayama City).
Prior to the opening, an opening ceremony was held at the same elementary school, attended by about 100 people involved.
Mayor Masao Omori, chairman of the executive committee, Yasuharu Ishikawa, general producer, and others cut the ribbon, saying, "We have a collection of works that stimulate intellectual sensibilities and stimulate imagination and creativity, and we hope that the exhibition will attract attention from the world."
Families and out-of-school children who visited the school immediately fell in love with the snake-shaped robot that wiggles its body in response to the sounds around it in the ring in the schoolyard, and toured the school building that was about to be turned into a stage for a video work depicting the world 3,000 years later.
He enjoyed art that took him to a different world.
A 15-year-old first-year high school student in Tokyo, who is traveling with his father, said, "It is interesting to make a work that makes use of the atmosphere of the old school building, and it makes me imagine the time that flowed in this place."
It is closed on Mondays (or the next day if it is a national holiday) until November 24.
Hong Kong Rally in Five Years of Umbrella Movement Tens of Thousands Aim for Universal Suffrage | Shizuoka Shimbun at S
People gather in Hong Kong on the 28th to mark the fifth anniversary of the Umbrella Movement. ( | Kyodo)
Hong KONG, Oct. 28 (Jiji Press)—Tens of thousands of people rallied in a park near the headquarters of the Hong Kong government in Admiralty on the 28th, five years after the 2014 Umbrella Movement, a mass demonstration calling for democracy in the election of Hong Kong's chief executive.
Around the venue, some young people occupied the main road and threw Molotov cocktails at the government building.
Amid the continuing protests triggered by the proposed revision of the Fugitive Offenders Ordinance, the participants renewed their determination to fight until the realization of "true universal suffrage," which they could not win at that time.
The protests, which began in earnest in June, lasted 112 days, exceeding the 79 days of the Umbrella Movement, and the demonstrators' demands expanded to 'five major demands' such as electoral system reform.
Ibaraki National Sports Festival starts today on the 28th | Sports | Saga Shimbun News | Saga Shimbun LiVE
The general opening ceremony of the 74th National Sports Festival "Ikiiki Ibaraki Yume National Sports Festival 2019" was held on October 28 at the Kasamatsu Athletic Stadium in Hitachinaka City, Ibaraki Prefecture, and 11 days of intense competition will start until October 8.
About 400 people from Saga Prefecture, including athletes and coaches, participate in 33 sports, excluding those held before the exhibition period, and challenge the national powerhouses with the pride of their hometown.
The prefecture had been languishing in 43rd place for three consecutive years until the year before last, but rose to 33rd place last year.
The prefecture is also strengthening its preparations for a national sports tournament to be held in the prefecture in 2023, and aims to finish in the upper 20s this year.
In the pre-session competition held by the 16th, Saga Girls' High School for boys and girls in rhythmic gymnastics and adult girls and boys and girls in gymnastics both won 6th place and gained momentum.
In each competition, I want to go with the flow and aim for a higher ranking.
At the general opening ceremony, a total of 83 prefectural players, managers, and executives of the headquarters marched into the 40th place, and Kugo ISHIKAWA (Saga Technical High School), a boy rugby player, served as the flag bearer.
On the first day, three sports are held: wrestling, table tennis, and karatedo.
